$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
$3,000,000.
$you = new YOU; honk() if $you->love(perl)
!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I !pleH
0 7 * * * echo "...Linux is just a fad" | mail billg@microsoft.com -s= "And remember..."
08/25/2007 - The Windows Genuine Advantage servers went down worldwide, marking any Windows machines as pirated during Microsoft's server outage. Meanwhile, the Linux Genuine Advantage™ activation server was up the whole time. Truly another victory for Open Source software! Microsoft, contact us if you'd like to license Linux Genuine Advantage™, we'd love to enter into a lucrative licensing agreement. With the money you save, you could put the WGA programmers onto other tasks, like improving Vista! 02/03/2007 - The Linux Genuine Advantage™ crack is spreading! Someone uploaded it to The Pirate Bay! Looks like it's time to get more involved in Swedish politics from across the globe! 02/02/2007 - Linux Genuine Advantage™ has been cracked by computer hackers! Rather than improving our software, we'll be sending our team of intimidating lawyers to pay them a visit.
100 buckets of bits on the bus 100 buckets of bits Take one down, short it to ground FF buckets of bits on the bus FF buckets of bits on the bus FF buckets of bits Take one down, short it to ground FE buckets of bits on the bus ad infinitum...
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
101-ism: The tendency to pick apart, often in minute detail, all aspects of life using half-understood pop psychology as a tool. Culture"
101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR (1) Scarecrow for centipedes (2) Dead cat brush (3) Hair barrettes (4) Cleats (5) Self-piercing earrings (6) Fungus trellis (7) False eyelashes (8) Prosthetic dog claws . . . (99) Window garden harrow (pulled behind Tonka tractors) (100) Killer velcro (101) Currency
10) there is no 10, but it sounded like a nice number :)
1 + 1 = 3, for large values of 1.
1 1 was a race-horse, 2 2 was 1 2. When 1 1 1 1 race, 2 2 1 1 2.
1/2 oz. gin 1/2 oz. vodka 1/2 oz. rum (preferably dark) 3/4 oz. tequila 1/2 oz. triple sec 1/2 oz. orange juice 3/4 oz. sour mix 1/2 oz. cola shake with ice and strain into frosted glass. Long Island Iced Tea
13. ... r-q1
15% gratuity added for parties over 8.
1648 files (84%) out of the files that I mirror disappeared. Since my delete threshold was set at 90%, all those files are now missing from my hard drive. It's going to take a loooong time to fetch those again via 14.4kbps!
1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight -- it's not just a good idea, it's the law!
17th Rule of Friendship: A friend will refrain from telling you he picked up the same amount of life insurance coverage you did for half the price when yours is noncancellable.
186,000 Miles per Second. It's not just a good idea. IT'S THE LAW.
186,282 miles per second: It isn't just a good idea, it's the law!
1893 The ideal brain tonic 1900 Drink Coca-Cola -- delicious and refreshing -- 5 cents at all soda fountains 1905 Is the favorite drink for LADIES when thirsty -- weary -- despondent 1905 Refreshes the weary, brightens the intellect and clears the brain 1906 The drink of QUALITY 1907 Good to the last drop 1907 It satisfies the thirst and pleases the palate 1907 Refreshing as a summer breeze. Delightful as a Dip in the Sea 1908 The Drink that Cheers but does not inebriate 1917 There's a delicious freshness to the taste of Coca-Cola 1919 It satisfies thirst 1919 The taste is the test 1922 Every glass holds the answer to thirst 1922 Thirst knows no season 1925 Enjoy the sociable drink
18th Rule of Friendship: A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof to install your new aerial, which is the biggest son-of-a-bitch you ever saw.
1925 With a drink so good, 'tis folly to be thirsty 1929 The high sign of refreshment 1929 The pause that refreshes 1930 It had to be good to get where it is 1932 The drink that makes a pause refreshing 1935 The pause that brings friends together 1937 STOP for a pause... GO refreshed 1938 The best friend thirst ever had 1939 Thirst stops here 1942 It's the real thing 1947 Have a Coke 1961 Zing! what a REFRESHING NEW FEELING 1963 Things go better with Coke 1969 Face Uncle Sam with a Coke in your hand 1979 Have a Coke and a smile 1982 Coke is it!
(1) Alexander the Great was a great general. (2) Great generals are forewarned. (3) Forewarned is forearmed. (4) Four is an even number. (5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have. (6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity. Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.
(1) Alexander the Great was a great general. (2) Great generals are forewarned. (3) Forewarned is forearmed. (4) Four is an even number. (5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have. (6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity. Therefore, all horses are black.
(1) A sheet of paper is an ink-lined plane. (2) An inclined plane is a slope up. (3) A slow pup is a lazy dog. QED: A sheet of paper is a lazy dog.
(1) Avoid fried meats which angry up the blood. (2) If your stomach antagonizes you, pacify it with cool thoughts. (3) Keep the juices flowing by jangling around gently as you move. (4) Go very lightly on the vices, such as carrying on in society, as the social ramble ain't restful. (5) Avoid running at all times. (6) Don't look back, something might be gaining on you.
1 Billion dollars of budget deficit = 1 Gramm-Rudman 6.023 x 10 to the 23rd power alligator pears = Avocado's number 2 pints = 1 Cavort Basic unit of Laryngitis = The Hoarsepower Shortest distance between two jokes = A straight line 6 Curses = 1 Hexahex 3500 Calories = 1 Food Pound 1 Mole = 007 Secret Agents 1 Mole = 25 Cagey Bees 1 Dog Pound = 16 oz. of Alpo 1000 beers served at a Twins game = 1 Killibrew 2.4 statute miles of surgical tubing at Yale U. = 1 I.V.League 2000 pounds of Chinese soup = 1 Won Ton 10 to the minus 6th power mouthwashes = 1 Microscope Speed of a tortoise breaking the sound barrier = 1 Machturtle 8 Catfish = 1 Octo-puss 365 Days of drinking Lo-Cal beer. = 1 Lite-year 16.5 feet in the Twilight Zone = 1 Rod Serling Force needed to accelerate 2.2lbs of cookies = 1 Fig-newton to 1 meter per second One half large intestine = 1 Semicolon 10 to the minus 6th power Movie = 1 Microfilm 1000 pains = 1 Megahertz 1 Word = 1 Millipicture 1 Sagan = Billions & Billions 1 Angstrom: measure of computer anxiety = 1000 nail-bytes 10 to the 12th power microphones = 1 Megaphone 10 to the 6th power Bicycles = 2 megacycles The amount of beauty required launch 1 ship = 1 Millihelen
1 bulls, 3 cows.
(1) Everything depends. (2) Nothing is always. (3) Everything is sometimes.
1) I have never waved a hankie in anger 2) I do not peronally know any Morris dancers 3) But Morris dancing is kind of funny and weird at the same time.
> 1. is qmail as secure as they say? Depends on what they were saying, but most likely yes.
(1) Never draw what you can copy. (2) Never copy what you can trace. (3) Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.
1: No code table for op: ++post
(1) Office employees will daily sweep the floors, dust the furniture, shelves, and showcases. (2) Each day fill lamps, clean chimneys, and trim wicks. Wash the windows once a week. (3) Each clerk will bring a bucket of water and a scuttle of coal for the day's business. (4) Make your pens carefully. You may whittle nibs to your individual taste. (5) This office will open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p.m. except on the Sabbath, on which day we will remain closed. Each employee is expected to spend the Sabbath by attending church and contributing liberally to the cause of the Lord. Works, 1872
1st graffitiist: QUESTION AUTHORITY! 2nd graffitiist: Why?
: 1. What is the possibility of this being added in the future? In the near future, the probability is close to zero. In the distant future, I'll be dead, and posterity can do whatever they like... :-) --lwall
(1) X=Y ; Given (2) X^2=XY ; Multiply both sides by X (3) X^2-Y^2=XY-Y^2 ; Subtract Y^2 from both sides (4) (X+Y)(X-Y)=Y(X-Y) ; Factor (5) X+Y=Y ; Cancel out (X-Y) term (6) 2Y=Y ; Substitute X for Y, by equation 1 (7) 2=1 ; Divide both sides by Y
2180, U.S. History question: What 20th Century U.S. President was almost impeached and what office did he later hold?
2 + 2 = 5-ism: Caving in to a target marketing strategy aimed at oneself after holding out for a long period of time. "Oh, all right, I'll buy your stupid cola. Now leave me alone." Culture"
2.3.1 has been released. Folks new to this game should remember that 2.3.* releases are development kernels, with no guarantees that they will not cause your system to do horrible things like corrupt its disks, catch fire, or start running Mindcraft benchmarks.
30 day money back guarantee minus shipping, 10% restocking charge, and 7% cancellation charge.
"355/113 -- Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation!"
3) I don't sign parts of the body, even if they're still attached. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art and display work. This product is called "Craft Mount". 3M suggests that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky." I did not know what "aggressively tacky" meant until I read today's fortune. [And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]
3rd Law of Computing: Anything that can go wr fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped
40 isn't old. If you're a tree.
42
4.2 BSD UNIX #57: Sun Jun 1 23:02:07 EDT 1986 You swing at the Sun. You miss. The Sun swings. He hits you with a 575MB disk! You read the 575MB disk. It is written in an alien tongue and cannot be read by your tired Sun-2 eyes. You throw the 575MB disk at the Sun. You hit! The Sun must repair your eyes. The Sun reads a scroll. He hits your 130MB disk! He has defeated the 130MB disk! The Sun reads a scroll. He hits your Ethernet board! He has defeated your Ethernet board! You read a scroll of "postpone until Monday at 9 AM". Everything goes dark...
667: The neighbor of the beast.
(6) Men employees will be given time off each week for courting purposes, or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church. (7) After an employee has spent his thirteen hours of labor in the office, he should spend the remaining time reading the Bible and other good books. (8) Every employee should lay aside from each pay packet a goodly sum of his earnings for his benefit during his declining years, so that he will not become a burden on society or his betters. (9) Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses alcoholic drink in any form, frequents pool tables and public halls, or gets shaved in a barber's shop, will give me good reason to suspect his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty. (10) The employee who has performed his labours faithfully and without a fault for five years, will be given an increase of five cents per day in his pay, providing profits from the business permit it.
6 oz. orange juice 1 oz. vodka 1/2 oz. Galliano Harvey Wallbangers
7,140 pounds on the Sun 97 pounds on Mercury or Mars 255 pounds on Earth 232 pounds on Venus or Uranus 43 pounds on the Moon 648 pounds on Jupiter 275 pounds on Saturn 303 pounds on Neptune 13 pounds on Pluto in the solar system.
7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure) The Bionic Dog drinks too much and kicks over the National Redwood Forest. 7:30, Channel 8: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure) The Bionic Dog gets a hormonal short-circuit and violates the Mann Act with an interstate Greyhound bus.
8) Use common sense in routing cable. Avoid wrapping coax around sources of strong electric or magnetic fields. Do not wrap the cable around fluorescent light ballasts or cyclotrons, for example. Bell Technologies, pg. 11
98% lean.
99 blocks of crud on the disk, 99 blocks of crud! You patch a bug, and dump it again: 100 blocks of crud on the disk! 100 blocks of crud on the disk, 100 blocks of crud! You patch a bug, and dump it again: 101 blocks of crud on the disk! ...
99 little bugs in the code, 99 bugs in the code, fix one bug, compile it again... 101 little bugs in the code....
<aav> coffee on an empty stomach is pretty nasy <knghtbrd> aav: time to run to the vending machine for cheetos <aav> cheetos? :)
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
A banker, who always advised his son to think big, came home one day to find the boy in the yard with the family dog and a sign, “Dog for Sale, $38,000.” The father smiled and went into the house. The next day, the sign–and the dog–had vanished. The banker asked his son, “You didn’t get $38,000 for the dog, did you?” “No,” the boy replied, “but I traded him for two $19,000 cats.”
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back the when it begins to rain.
Abbott's Admonitions: (1) If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know. (2) If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.
A beer delayed is a beer denied.
A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that balances are correct.
Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.
A billion here, a billion there -- pretty soon it adds up to real money.
A billion seconds ago Harry Truman was president. A billion minutes ago was just after the time of Christ. A billion hours ago man had not yet walked on earth. A billion dollars ago was late yesterday afternoon at the U.S. Treasury.
A biologist, a statistician, a mathematician and a computer scientist are on a photo-safari in Africa. As they're driving along the savannah in their jeep, they stop and scout the horizon with their binoculars. The biologist: "Look! A herd of zebras! And there's a white zebra! Fantastic! We'll be famous!" The statistician: "Hey, calm down, it's not significant. We only know there's one white zebra." The mathematician: "Actually, we only know there exists a zebra, which is white on one side." The computer scientist : "Oh, no! A special case!"
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.
A bit of talcum Is always walcum
A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
A blind rabbit was hopping through the woods, tripping over logs and crashing into trees. At the same time, a blind snake was slithering through the same forest, with identical results. They chanced to collide head-on in a clearing. "Please excuse me, sir, I'm blind and I bumped into you accidentally," apologized the rabbit. "That's quite all right," replied the snake, "I have the same problem!" "All my life I've been wondering what I am," said the rabbit, "Do you think you could help me find out?" "I'll try," said the snake. He gently coiled himself around the rabbit. "Well, you're covered with soft fur, you have a little fluffy tail and long ears. You're... hmmm... you're probably a bunny rabbit!" "Great!" said the rabbit. "Thanks, I really owe you one!" "Well," replied the snake, "I don't know what I am, either. Do you suppose you could try and tell me?" The rabbit ran his paws all over the snake. "Well, you're low, cold and slimey..." And, as he ran one paw underneath the snake, "and you have no balls. You must be an attorney!"
A book is the work of a mind, doing its work in the way that a mind deems best. That's dangerous. Is the work of some mere individual mind likely to serve the aims of collectively accepted compromises, which are known in the schools as 'standards'? Any mind that would audaciously put itself forth to work all alone is surely a bad example for the students, and probably, if not downright antisocial, at least a little off-center, self-indulgent, elitist. ... It's just good pedagogy, therefore, to stay away from such stuff, and use instead, if film-strips and rap-sessions must be supplemented, 'texts,' selected, or prepared, or adapted, by real professionals. Those texts are called 'reading material.' They are the academic equivalent of the 'listening material' that fills waiting-rooms, and the 'eating material' that you can buy in thousands of convenient eating resource centers along the roads.
... A booming voice says, "Wrong, cretin!", and you notice that you have turned into a pile of dust.
A bore is a man who talks so much about himself that you can't talk about yourself.
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.
Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!) Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace, And saw, within the moonlight in his room, Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom, An angel writing in a book of gold. Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold, And to the presence in the room he said, "What writest thou?" The vision raised its head, And with a look made of all sweet accord, Answered, "The names of those who love the Lord." "And is mine one?" said Abou. "Nay not so," Replied the angel. Abou spoke more low, But cheerly still; and said, "I pray thee then, Write me as one that loves his fellow-men." The angel wrote, and vanished. The next night It came again with a great wakening light, And showed the names whom love of God had blessed, And lo! Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.
About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
About the only thing we have left that actually discriminates in favor of the plain people is the stork.
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt ax. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
Above all else -- sky.
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Above the hearth was a huge pokerwork sign saying "Mother". No tyrant in the whole history of the world had ever achieved a domination so complete.
A box without hinges, key, or lid, Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
A boy scout troop went on a hike. Crossing over a stream, one of the boys dropped his wallet into the water. Suddenly a carp jumped, grabbed the wallet and tossed it to another carp. Then that carp passed it to another carp, and all over the river carp appeared and tossed the wallet back and forth. "Well, boys," said the Scout leader, "you've just seen a rare case of carp-to-carp walleting."
A boy spent years collecting postage stamps. The girl next door bought an album too, and started her own collection. "Dad, she buys everything I've bought, and it's taken all the fun out of it for me. I'm quitting." Don't, son, remember, 'Imitation is the sincerest form of philately.'"
Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain. He died in Washington, D.C.
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
Absence in love is like water upon fire; a little quickens, but much extinguishes it.
Absence makes the heart forget.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.
Absence makes the heart grow frantic.
Absent, adj.: Exposed to the attacks of friends and acquaintances; defamed; slandered.
Absentee, n.: A person with an income who has had the forethought to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.
Absinthe makes the tart grow fonder.
Absolute: Independent, irresponsible. An absolute monarchy is one in which the sovereign does as he pleases so long as he pleases the assassins. Not many absolute monarchies are left, most of them having been replaced by limited monarchies, where the sovereign's power for evil (and for good) is greatly curtailed, and by republics, which are governed by chance.
Absolutely nothing should be concluded from these figures except that no conclusion can be drawn from them.
Absolutum obsoletum. (If it works, it's out of date.)
Abstainer: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure. A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
Abstainer, n.: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
Abstraction When beauty is abstracted Then ugliness has been implied; When good is abstracted Then evil has been implied. So alive and dead are abstracted from nature, Difficult and easy abstracted from progress, Long and short abstracted from contrast, High and low abstracted from depth, Song and speech abstracted from melody, After and before abstracted from sequence. The sage experiences without abstraction, And accomplishes without action; He accepts the ebb and flow of things, Nurtures them, but does not own them, And lives, but does not dwell.
Abstract: This study examined the incidence of neckwear tightness among a group of 94 white-collar working men and the effect of a tight business-shirt collar and tie on the visual performance of 22 male subjects. Of the white-collar men measured, 67% were found to be wearing neckwear that was tighter than their neck circumference. The visual discrimination of the 22 subjects was evaluated using a critical flicker frequency (CFF) test. Results of the CFF test indicated that tight neckwear significantly decreased the visual performance of the subjects and that visual performance did not improve immediately when tight neckwear was removed. Neck in Relation to Visual Performance." Human Factors 29, #1 (Feb. 1987), pp. 67-71.
Absurdity, n.: A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West. They drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and found there was no pilot on board. Terrified, they listened as the sirens got louder. Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft. He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out. The sirens got louder and louder. Armed men surrounded the jet. The would be pilot's friends cried out, "Please, please take off now!!! Hurry!!!" The experimentalist calmly replied, "Have patience. I'm just a simple pole in a complex plane."
A bunch of the boys were whooping it in the Malemute saloon; The kid that handles the music box was hitting a jag-time tune; Back of the bar, in a solo game, sat Dangerous Dan McGrew, And watching his luck was his light-o'-love, the lady that's known as Lou.
A bureaucrat's idea of cleaning up his files is to make a copy of everything before he destroys it.
A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
Academicians care, that's who.
Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the stakes are so low.
Academy: A modern school where football is taught. Institute: An archaic school where football is not taught.
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other.
A can of ASPARAGUS, 73 pigeons, some LIVE ammo, and a FROZEN DAQUIRI!!
A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.
"A car is just a big purse on wheels."
Accent on helpful side of your nature. Drain the moat.
Acceptance testing: An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.
Accept Harmony is only in following the Way. The Way is without form or quality, But expresses all forms and qualities; The Way is hidden and implicate, But expresses all of nature; The Way is unchanging, But expresses all motion. Beneath sensation and memory The Way is the source of all the world. How can I understand the source of the world? By accepting.
Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.
Accidentally Shot Colonel Gray, of Petaluma, came near losing his life a few days ago, in a singular manner. A gentleman with whom he was hunting attempted to bring down a dove, but instead of doing so put the load of shot through the Colonel's hat. One shot took effect in his forehead.
Accident, n.: A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of body is better.
Accidents cause History. If Sigismund Unbuckle had taken a walk in 1426 and met Wat Tyler, the Peasant's Revolt would never have happened and the motor car would not have been invented until 2026, which would have meant that all the oil could have been used for lamps, thus saving the electric light bulb and the whale, and nobody would have caught Moby Dick or Billy Budd.
According to all the latest reports, there was no truth in any of the earlier reports.
According to a recent and unscientific national survey, smiling is something everyone should do at least 6 times a day. In an effort to increase the national average (the US ranks third among the world's superpowers in smiling), Xerox has instructed all personnel to be happy, effervescent, and most importantly, to smile. Xerox employees agree, and even feel strongly that they can not only meet but surpass the national average... except for Tubby Ackerman. But because Tubby does such a fine job of racing around parking lots with a large butterfly net retrieving floating IC chips, Xerox decided to give him a break. If you see Tubby in a parking lot he may have a sheepish grin. This is where the expression, "Service with a slightly sheepish grin" comes from.
According to Arkansas law, Section 4761, Pope's Digest: "No person shall be permitted under any pretext whatever, to come nearer than fifty feet of any door or window of any polling room, from the opening of the polls until the completion of the count and the certification of the returns."
According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold, and according to convention, there is an order. In truth, there are atoms and a void.
According to Kentucky state law, every person must take a bath at least once a year.
According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies.
According to the Rand McNally Places-Rated Almanac, the best place to live in America is the city of Pittsburgh. The city of New York came in twenty-fifth. Here in New York we really don't care too much. Because we know that we could beat up their city anytime.
Accordion, n.: A bagpipe with pleats.
Accuracy, n.: The vice of being right
Accuse Your Enemies of That Which You are Guilty
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance. Kites rise against the wind, not with it.
A certain monk had a habit of pestering the Grand Tortue (the only one who had ever reached the Enlightenment 'Yond Enlightenment), by asking whether various objects had Buddha-nature or not. To such a question Tortue invariably sat silent. The monk had already asked about a bean, a lake, and a moonlit night. One day he brought to Tortue a piece of string, and asked the same question. In reply, the Grand Tortue grasped the loop between his feet and, with a few simple manipulations, created a complex string which he proferred wordlessly to the monk. At that moment, the monk was enlightened. From then on, the monk did not bother Tortue. Instead, he made string after string by Tortue's method; and he passed the method on to his own disciples, who passed it on to theirs.
A certain old cat had made his home in the alley behind Gabe's bar for some time, subsisting on scraps and occasional handouts from the bartender. One evening, emboldened by hunger, the feline attempted to follow Gabe through the back door. Regrettably, only the his body had made it through when the door slammed shut, severing the cat's tail at its base. This proved too much for the old creature, who looked sadly at Gabe and expired on the spot. Gabe put the carcass back out in the alley and went back to business. The mandatory closing time arrived and Gabe was in the process of locking up after the last customers had gone. Approaching the back door he was startled to see an apparition of the old cat mournfully holding its severed tail out, silently pleading for Gabe to put the tail back on its corpse so that it could go on to the kitty afterworld complete. Gabe shook his head sadly and said to the ghost, "I can't. You know the law -- no retailing spirits after 2:00 AM."
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
"A child is a person who can't understand why someone would give away a perfectly good kitten."
A child of five could understand this! Fetch me a child of five.
A chronic disposition to inquiry deprives domestic felines of vital qualities.
ACHTUNG!!! Das machine is nicht fur gefingerpoken und mittengrabben. Ist easy schnappen der springenwerk, blowenfusen und corkenpoppen mit spitzensparken. Ist nicht fur gewerken by das dummkopfen. Das rubbernecken sightseeren keepen hands in das pockets. Relaxen und vatch das blinkenlights!!!
A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him. "Are you the foreman around here?" he asked timidly. "I'd like to join your circus; I have what I think is a pretty good act." The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top. Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping his arms furiously. Amazingly, rather than plummeting to his death the little man began to fly all around the poles, lines, trapezes and other obstacles, performing astounding feats of aerobatics which ended in a long power dive from the top of the tent, pulling up into a gentle feet-first landing beside the foreman, who had been nonchalantly watching the whole time. "Well," puffed the little man. "What do you think?" "That's all you do?" answered the foreman scornfully. "Bird imitations?"
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
A city is a large community where people are lonesome together
A clash of doctrine is not a disaster -- it is an opportunity.
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
A clever prophet makes sure of the event first.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such a speed, if feels an impulsion... this is the place to go now. But the sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
acme-cannon (3.1415) unstable; urgency=low * Added safety to prevent operator dismemberment, closes: bug #98765, bug #98713, #98714. * Added manpage. closes: #98725.
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS: 1. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR DOCTOR TO SHARE YOUR DISCOMFORT. Involvement with the patient's suffering might cause him to lose valuable scientific objectivity. 2. BE CHEERFUL AT ALL TIMES. Your doctor leads a busy and trying life and requires all the gentleness and reassurance he can get. 3. TRY TO SUFFER FROM THE DISEASE FOR WHICH YOU ARE BEING TREATED. Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS: 4. DO NOT COMPLAIN IF THE TREATMENT FAILS TO BRING RELIEF. You must believe that your doctor has achieved a deep insight into the true nature of your illness, which transcends any mere permanent disability you may have experienced. 5. NEVER ASK YOUR DOCTOR TO EXPLAIN WHAT HE IS DOING OR WHY HE IS DOING IT. It is presumptuous to assume that such profound matters could be explained in terms that you would understand. 6. SUBMIT TO NOVEL EXPERIMANTAL TREATMENT READILY. Though the surgery may not benefit you directly, the resulting research paper will surely be of widespread interest.
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS: 7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY. You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly, to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians. 8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD. It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means. 9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR. The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a sacred duty to protect him from exposure. 10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE. This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.
A comment on schedules: Ok, how long will it take? For each manager involved in initial meetings add one month. For each manager who says "data flow analysis" add another month. For each unique end-user type add one month. For each unknown software package to be employed add two months. For each unknown hardware device add two months. For each 100 miles between developer and installation add one month. For each type of communication channel add one month. If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on a non-IBM system add 6 months. If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on an IBM system add 9 months. Round up to the nearest half-year. --Brad Sherman By the way, ALL software projects are done by iterative prototyping. Some companies call their prototypes "releases", that's all.
"A commercial, and in some respects a social, doubt has been started within the last year or two, whether or not it is right to discuss so openly the security or insecurity of locks. Many well-meaning persons suppose that the discus- sion respecting the means for baffling the supposed safety of locks offers a premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest. This is a fal- lacy. Rogues are very keen in their profession, and already know much more than we can teach them respecting their several kinds of roguery. Rogues knew a good deal about lockpicking long before locksmiths discussed it among them- selves, as they have lately done. If a lock -- let it have been made in what- ever country, or by whatever maker -- is not so inviolable as it has hitherto been deemed to be, surely it is in the interest of *honest* persons to know this fact, because the *dishonest* are tolerably certain to be the first to apply the knowledge practically; and the spread of knowledge is necessary to give fair play to those who might suffer by ignorance. It cannot be too ear- nestly urged, that an acquaintance with real facts will, in the end, be better for all parties." published around 1850
A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies, scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom.
A commune is where people join together to share their lack of wealth.
A company is known by the men it keeps.
"A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked."
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention, with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequilla.
A computer salesman visits a company president for the purpose of selling the president one of the latest talking computers. Salesman: "This machine knows everything. I can ask it any question and it'll give the correct answer. Computer, what is the speed of light?" Computer: 186,282 miles per second. Salesman: "Who was the first president of the United States?" Computer: George Washington. President: "I'm still not convinced. Let me ask a question. Where is my father?" Computer: Your father is fishing in Georgia. President: "Hah!! The computer is wrong. My father died over twenty years ago!" Computer: Your mother's husband died 22 years ago. Your father just landed a twelve pound bass.
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake without ketchup and mustard.
A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done.
A CONS is an object which cares.
A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.
A contest is being held to see which intelligence agency can find a rabbit in a forest as quickly as possible. First, it's the CIA's turn. Using cutting edge satellite technology, deep electronic scans, and other high-tech equipment, it is able to locate the rabbit in a week. Then, it's the KGB's turn. They install secret agents, bribe or threaten a few animals, and find the rabbit in two weeks. Then it's the [Shin Bet](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shin_Bet)’s turn (the Shin Bet being the Israeli internal security agency). A week passes, and then two, and then three. After two months, the camera zooms into the forest to see a bear tied to a tree with a Shin Bet agent slapping him saying “Admit you’re a rabbit! Admit you’re a rabbit! Admit it already, goddamnit!”
A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the damned things is ample.
A couch is as good as a chair.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
A couple more shots of whiskey, women 'round here start looking good. [something about a 10 being a 4 after a six-pack? Ed.]
A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong game. They had the volley of the Dills.
A couple of young fellers were fishing at their special pond off the beaten track when out of the bushes jumped the Game Warden. Immediately, one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods like the proverbial bat out of hell, and hot on his heels ran the Game Warden. After about a half mile the fella stopped and stooped over with his hands on his thighs, whooping and heaving to catch his breath as the Game Warden finally caught up to him. "Let's see yer fishin' license, boy," the Warden gasped. The man pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing license. "Well, son", snarled the Game Warden, "You must be about as dumb as a box of rocks! You didn't have to run if you have a license!" "Yes, sir," replied his victim, "but, well, see, my friend back there, he don't have one!"
A cousin of mine once said about money, money is always there but the pockets change; it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.
A cow is a completely automated milk-manufacturing machine. It is encased in untanned leather and mounted on four vertical, movable supports, one at each corner. The front end of the machine, or input, contains the cutting and grinding mechanism, utilizing a unique feedback device. Here also are the headlights, air inlet and exhaust, a bumper and a foghorn. At the rear, the machine carries the milk-dispensing equipment as well as a built-in flyswatter and insect repeller. The central portion houses a hydro- chemical-conversion unit. Briefly, this consists of four fermentation and storage tanks connected in series by an intricate network of flexible plumbing. This assembly also contains the central heating plant complete with automatic temperature controls, pumping station and main ventilating system. The waste disposal apparatus is located to the rear of this central section. Cows are available fully-assembled in an assortment of sizes and colors. Production output ranges from 2 to 20 tons of milk per year. In brief, the main external visible features of the cow are: two lookers, two hookers, four stander-uppers, four hanger-downers, and a swishy-wishy.
Acquaintance, n: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well enough to lend to. A degree of friendship called slight when the object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.
A critic is a bundle of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste.
A "critic" is a man who creates nothing and thereby feels qualified to judge the work of creative men. There is logic in this; he is unbiased
A crow perched himself on a telephone wire. He was going to make a long-distance caw.
Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
Acting is not very hard. The most important things are to be able to laugh and cry. If I have to cry, I think of my sex life. And if I have to laugh, well, I think of my sex life.
Actor Real Name Boris Karloff William Henry Pratt Cary Grant Archibald Leach Edward G. Robinson Emmanual Goldenburg Gene Wilder Gerald Silberman John Wayne Marion Morrison Kirk Douglas Issur Danielovitch Richard Burton Richard Jenkins Jr. Roy Rogers Leonard Slye Woody Allen Allen Stewart Konigsberg
Actor: So what do you do for a living? Doris: I work for a company that makes deceptively shallow serving dishes for Chinese restaurants.
"Actors," said Granny, witheringly. "As if the world weren't full of enough history without inventing more."
Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.
Actresses will happen in the best regulated families. New Cynic's Calendar", 1905
Actually, it also looks like we should optimize (13,2,42,8,'hike') into a pp_padav copy as well.
Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.
"Actually, the only distribution of Linux I've ever used that passed the rootshell test out of the box (hit rootshell at the time the dist is released and see if you can break the OS with scripts from there) is Debian."
Actually, the probability is 100% that the elevator will be going in the right direction. Proof by induction: N=1. Trivially true, since both you and the elevator only have one floor to go to. Assume true for N, prove for N+1: If you are on any of the first N floors, then it is true by the induction hypothesis. If you are on the N+1st floor, then both you and the elevator have only one choice, namely down. Therefore, it is true for all N+1 floors. QED.
Actually, typing random strings in the Finder does the equivalent of filename completion. completion vs. the Mac Finder.
Actually, what I'd like is a little toy spaceship!!
Actual war is a very messy business. Very, very messy business.
A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
"Ada is PL/I trying to be Smalltalk.
"Ada is the work of an architect, not a computer scientist."
Adam and Eve had many advantages, but the principal one was, that they escaped teething.
Adam was but human--this explains it all. He did not want the apple for the apple's sake, he wanted it only because it was forbidden. The mistake was in not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
Adapt. Enjoy. Survive.
ADA: Something you need only know the name of to be an Expert in Computing. Useful in sentences like, "We had better develop an ADA awareness.
Ad astra per aspera. [To the stars by aspiration.]
A day ago the future had looked aching and desolate, and now it looked full of surprises and terror and bad things happening to people... If she had anything to do with it anyway. (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
A day for firm decisions!!!!! Or is it?
A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.
A day without sunshine is like a day without Anita Bryant.
A day without sunshine is like a day without orange juice.
A day without sunshine is like night.
Adde parvum parvo manus acervus erit. [Add little to little and there will be a big pile.]
<Addi> Alter.net seems to have replaced one of its router with a zucchini.
Adding features does not necessarily increase functionality -- it just makes the manuals thicker.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.
A dead man cannot bite.
A debugged program is one for which you have not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
A definition of teaching: casting fake pearls before real swine.
Adhere to your own act, and congratulate yourself if you have done something strange and extravagant, and broken the monotony of a decorous age.
A Difficulty for Every Solution.
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.
A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
A diplomat's life consists of three things: protocol, Geritol, and alcohol.
"A dirty mind is a joy forever."
A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating his morning meal. "I would like to give you this personality test", said the outsider, "because I want you to be happy." Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the toaster -- "I wish the toaster to be happy too".
A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office. "Was it true," the woman inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest of her life?" She was told that it was. There was just a moment of silence before the woman proceeded bravely on. "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my condition is. This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".
A diva who specializes in risque arias is an off-coloratura soprano.
Adler's Distinction: Language is all that separates us from the lower animals, and from the bureaucrats.
Administration: An ingenious abstraction in politics, designed to receive the kicks and cuffs due to the premier or president.
Admiration, n.: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
A doctor, an architect, and a computer scientist were arguing about whose profession was the oldest. In the course of their arguments, they got all the way back to the Garden of Eden, whereupon the doctor said, "The medical profession is clearly the oldest, because Eve was made from Adam's rib, as the story goes, and that was a simply incredible surgical feat." The architect did not agree. He said, "But if you look at the Garden itself, in the beginning there was chaos and void, and out of that the Garden and the world were created. So God must have been an architect." The computer scientist, who'd listened carefully to all of this, then commented, "Yes, but where do you think the chaos came from?"
A doctor calls his patient to give him the results of his tests. "I have some bad news," says the doctor, "and some worse news." The bad news is that you only have six weeks to live." "Oh, no," says the patient. "What could possibly be worse than that?" "Well," the doctor replies, "I've been trying to reach you since last Monday."
A doctor was stranded with a lawyer in a leaky life raft in shark-infested waters. The doctor tried to swim ashore but was eaten by the sharks. The lawyer, however, swam safely past the bloodthirsty sharks. "Professional courtesy," he explained.
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
Adopted kids are such a pain -- you have to teach them how to look like you ...
Adore, v.: To venerate expectantly.
A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him what he meant.
A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
A Dublin lawyer died in poverty and many barristers of the city subscribed to a fund for his funeral. The Lord Chief Justice of Orbury was asked to donate a shilling. "Only a shilling?" exclaimed the man. "Only a shilling to bury an attorney? Here's a guinea; go and bury twenty of them."
Adult, n.: One old enough to know better.
Adults die young.
Advancement in position.
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
Advertising Rule: In writing a patent-medicine advertisement, first convince the reader that he has the disease he is reading about; secondly, that it is curable.
Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.
Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.
Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic, then at least be aseptic.
A dwarf is passing out somewhere in Detroit!
A Elbereth Gilthoniel, silivren penna miriel o menel aglar elenath! Na chaered palan-diriel o galadhremmin ennorath, Fanuilos, le linnathon nef aear, si nef aearon!
A fail-safe circuit will destroy others.
A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.
A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated. But an authentic soothsayer should be shot on sight. Cassandra did not get half the kicking around she deserved.
A famous Lisp Hacker noticed an Undergraduate sitting in front of a Xerox 1108, trying to edit a complex Klone network via a browser. Wanting to help, the Hacker clicked one of the nodes in the network with the mouse, and asked "what do you see?" Very earnestly, the Undergraduate replied "I see a cursor." The Hacker then quickly pressed the boot toggle at the back of the keyboard, while simultaneously hitting the Undergraduate over the head with a thick Interlisp Manual. The Undergraduate was then Enlightened.
A fanatic is a person who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
A fanatic: one who redoubles his efforts after he has forgotten his aim.
A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.
A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign. "Free Chickens. Our Coop Runneth Over."
A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the house of seven gobbles.
A father doesn't destroy his children. stardate 3468.1.
A father gave his teen-age daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for her birthday. An hour later, when wandering through the house, he found her looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen. "My pup," she murmured sadly, "runneth over."
A feature is nothing more than a bug with seniority.
A feed salesman is on his way to a farm. As he's driving along at forty m.p.h., he looks out his car window and sees a three-legged chicken running alongside him, keeping pace with his car. He is amazed that a chicken is running at forty m.p.h. So he speeds up to forty-five, fifty, then sixty m.p.h. The chicken keeps right up with him the whole way, then suddenly takes off and disappears into the distance. The man pulls into the farmyard and says to the farmer, "You know, the strangest thing just happened to me; I was driving along at at least sixty miles an hour and a chicken passed me like I was standing still!" "Yeah," the farmer replies, "that chicken was ours. You see, there's me, and there's Ma, and there's our son Billy. Whenever we had chicken for dinner, we would all want a drumstick, so we'd have to kill two chickens. So we decided to try and breed a three-legged chicken so each of us could have a drumstick." "How do they taste?" said the farmer. "Don't know," replied the farmer. "We haven't been able to catch one yet."
A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase. He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought to have a name. This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name should be masculine or feminine. After considerable thought, he settled on an naming the car either Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandry about the final choice. "Is a Nissan male or female?" he began asking his friends. Most of them looked at him peculiarly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and went on their way rather quickly. He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black belt in judo. She thought for a moment and answered "Feminine." The swiftness of her response puzzled him. "You're sure of that?" he asked. "Certainly," she replied. "They wouldn't sell very well if they were masculine." "Unhhh... Well, why not?" "Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want it to. And, if Nissan's are female, it's like they say... `Each Nissan, she go!'" [No, we WON'T explain it; go ask someone who practices an oriental martial art. (Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.) Ed.]
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
A fitter fits; Though sinners sin A cutter cuts; And thinners thin And an aircraft spotter spots; And paper-blotters blot A baby-sitter I've never yet Baby-sits -- Had letters let But an otter never ots. Or seen an otter ot. A batter bats (Or scatters scats); A potting shed's for potting; But no one's found A bounder bound Or caught an otter otting.
A fool and his money are soon popular.
A fool and your money are soon partners.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.
AFPer: Terry, what the heck was going on at the end of Strata? I've just re-read the ending *again* and come up with another possible explanation which takes the total number into double figures. TP: See? Other people would just have given you one or two. Amazing value, I think.
AFPer: We've missed you, did you miss us? TP: Yes, but I think I have time to reload. :-) (Terry Pratchett and an AFPer, alt.fan.pratchett)
"A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension."
A freelance is one who gets paid by the word -- per piece or perhaps.
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
African violet: Such worth is rare Apple blossom: Preference Bachelor's button: Celibacy Bay leaf: I change but in death Camelia: Reflected loveliness Chrysanthemum, red: I love Chrysanthemum, white: Truth Chrysanthemum, other: Slighted love Clover: Be mine Crocus: Abuse not Daffodil: Innocence Forget-me-not: True love Fuchsia: Fast Gardenia: Secret, untold love Honeysuckle: Bonds of love Ivy: Friendship, fidelity, marriage Jasmine: Amiablity, transports of joy, sensuality Leaves (dead): Melancholy Lilac: Youthful innocence Lilly: Purity, sweetness Lilly of the valley: Return of happiness Magnolia: Dignity, perseverance * An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
A friend in need is a pest indeed.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A friend of mine has a barcode on his arm. He rings up as a $.35 pack of JuicyFruit.
A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture. You don't have to go. You'll just be walking down the street and... Ooohh, that's much better.
A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates lawyers more than he hates his wife.
After 14 non-maintainer releases, I'm the S-Lang non-maintainer.
After 35 years, I have finished a comprehensive study of European comparative law. In Germany, under the law, everything is prohibited, except that which is permitted. In France, under the law, everything is permitted, except that which is prohibited. In the Soviet Union, under the law, everything is prohibited, including that which is permitted. And in Italy, under the law, everything is permitted, especially that which is prohibited. Speech to the Association of American Law Schools, 1985
After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out. It was replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life more advanced than the lichen family.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
After all my erstwhile dear, My no longer cherished, Need we say it was not love, Just because it perished?
After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party? Surely not for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
After an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found on the bench.
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the month than you did before.
After a time, you may find that "having" is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as "wanting." It is not logical, but it is often true.
After a while you learn the subtle difference Between holding a hand and chaining a soul, And you learn that love doesn't mean security, And you begin to learn that kisses aren't contracts And presents aren't promises And you begin to accept your defeats With your head up and your eyes open, With the grace of a woman, not the grief of a child, And you learn to build all your roads On today because tomorrow's ground Is too uncertain. And futures have A way of falling down in midflight, After a while you learn that even sunshine burns if you get too much. So you plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting For someone to bring you flowers. And you learn that you really can endure... That you really are strong, And you really do have worth And you learn and learn With every goodbye you learn.
After countless sleepless nights I can finally say I have perfected an equation that has the potential to significantly impact the future: E = mc^2 + AI This equation combines Einstein’s famous equation E=mc^2, which relates energy (E) to mass (m) and the speed of light (c), with the addition of AI (Artificial Intelligence). By including AI in the equation, it symbolizes the increasing role of artificial intelligence in shaping and transforming our future. My equation highlights the potential for AI to unlock new forms of energy, enhance scientific discoveries, and revolutionize various fields such as healthcare, transportation, and technology.
After Donald Trump's stretch limousine was stolen and found undamaged a few blocks away; he said, "Nothing was stolen. I had an honest thief."-International Herald Tribune, page 3, March 2, 1992
After giving a talk on unit testing in C, Benno Rice was asked the following question: "You mentioned compiling with optimization off [...]. What about cases, when the optimizer does something, that is completely legitimate, but a behaviour you weren't assuming? How do you test those cases?" To which he replied: "Hmm... In production." (Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-uWt5wVVkU (around 22:04))
After Goliath's defeat, giants ceased to command respect.
After his Ignoble Disgrace, Satan was being expelled from Heaven. As he passed through the Gates, he paused a moment in thought, and turned to God and said, "A new creature called Man, I hear, is soon to be created." "This is true," He replied. "He will need laws," said the Demon slyly. "What! You, his appointed Enemy for all Time! You ask for the right to make his laws?" "Oh, no!" Satan replied, "I ask only that he be allowed to make his own." It was so granted.
After his legs had been broken in an accident, Mr. Miller sued for damages, claiming that he was crippled and would have to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair. Although the insurance-company doctor testified that his bones had healed properly and that he was fully capable of walking, the judge decided for the plaintiff and awarded him $500,000. When he was wheeled into the insurance office to collect his check, Miller was confronted by several executives. "You're not getting away with this, Miller," one said. "We're going to watch you day and night. If you take a single step, you'll not only repay the damages but stand trial for perjury. Here's the money. What do you intend to do with it?" "My wife and I are going to travel," Miller replied. "We'll go to Stockholm, Berlin, Rome, Athens and, finally, to a place called Lourdes -- where, gentlemen, you'll see yourselves one hell of a miracle."
"After I asked him what he meant, he replied that freedom consisted of the unimpeded right to get rich, to use his ability, no matter what the cost to others, to win advancement."
After living in New York, you trust nobody, but you believe everything. Just in case.
Afternoon, n.: That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the morning.
Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
"After one week [visiting Austria] I couldn't wait to go back to the United States. Everything was much more pleasant in the United States, because of the mentality of being open-minded, always positive. Everything you want to do in Europe is just, 'No way. No one has ever done it.' They haven't any more the desire to go out to conquer and achieve -- I realized that I had much more the American spirit."
After sifting through the overwritten remaining blocks of Luke's home directory, Luke and PDP-1 sped away from /u/lars, across the surface of the Winchester riding Luke's flying read/write head. PDP-1 had Luke stop at the edge of the cylinder overlooking /usr/spool/uucp. "Unix-to-Unix Copy Program;" said PDP-1. "You will never find a more wretched hive of bugs and flamers. We must be cautious."
After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed. Later she was heard to sing, "Some day my prints will come."
After the Children of Israel had wandered for thirty-nine years in the wilderness, Ferdinand Feghoot arrived to make sure that they would finally find and enter the Promised Land. With him, he brought his favorite robot, faithful old Yewtoo Artoo, to carry his gear and do assorted camp chores. The Israelites soon got over their initial fear of the robot and, as the months passed, became very fond of him. Patriarchs took to discussing abtruse theological problems with him, and each evening the children all gathered to hear the many stories with which he was programmed. Therefore it came as a great shock to them when, just as their journey was ending, he abruptly wore out. Even Feghoot couldn't console them. "It may be true, Ferdinand Feghoot," said Moses, "that our friend Yewtoo Artoo was soulless, but we cannot believe it. He must be properly interred. We cannot embalm him as do the Egyptians. Nor have we wood for a coffin. But I do have a most splendid skin from one of Pharoah's own cattle. We shall bury him in it." Feghoot agreed. "Yes, let this be his last rusting place." "Rusting?" Moses cried. "Not in this dreadful dry desert!" "Ah!" sighed Ferdinand Feghoot, shedding a tear, "I fear you do not realize the full significance of Pharoah's oxhide!" Feghoot!"
After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box.
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.
After the stampede the artist Three Solid Frogs got to his feet, retrieved his brush from his nostril, pulled his easel out of a tree, and tried to think placid thoughts.
After they got rid of capital punishment, they had to hang twice as many people as before.
After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments. Harvey Fletcher (1884-1981), who was a graduate student at the University of Chicago, at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject with Millikan. Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in Physics Today, June 1982, page 43. In it, Fletcher claims that he was the first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil. According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan. Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1923.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
After two or three weeks of this madness, you begin to feel As One with the man who said, "No news is good news." In twenty-eight papers, only the rarest kind of luck will turn up more than two or three articles of any interest... but even then the interest items are usually buried deep around paragraph 16 on the jump (or "Cont. on ...") page... The Post will have a story about Muskie making a speech in Iowa. The Star will say the same thing, and the Journal will say nothing at all. But the Times might have enough room on the jump page to include a line or so that says something like: "When he finished his speech, Muskie burst into tears and seized his campaign manager by the side of the neck. They grappled briefly, but the struggle was kicked apart by an oriental woman who seemed to be in control." Now that's good journalism. Totally objective; very active and straight to the point.
After watching an extremely attractive maternity-ward patient earnestly thumbing her way through a telephone directory for several minutes, a hospital orderly finally asked if he could be of some help. "No, thanks," smiled the young mother, "I'm just looking for a name for my baby." "But the hospital supplies a special booklet that lists hundreds of first names and their meanings," said the orderly. "That won't help," said the woman, "my baby already has a first name."
After watching my newly-retired dad spend two weeks learning how to make a new folder, it became obvious that "intuitive" mostly means "what the writer or speaker of intuitive likes". interface on comp.os.linux.misc.
After years of research, scientists recently reported that there is, indeed, arroz in Spanish Harlem.
After you'd known Christine for any length of time, you found yourself fighting a desire to look into her ear to see if you could spot daylight coming the other way.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
A full belly makes a dull brain. [and the local candy machine man. Ed]
A 'full' life in my experience is usually full only of other people's demands.
A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine! [From the fury of the norsemen deliver us, O Lord!]
Again she fled, but swift he came. Tinuviel! Tinuviel! He called her by her elvish name; And there she halted listening. One moment stood she, and a spell His voice laid on her: Beren came And doom fell on Tinuviel That in his arms lay glistening. As Beren looked into her eyes Within the shadows of her hair, The trembling starlight of the skies He saw there mirrored shimmering. Tinuviel the elven-fair, Immortal maiden elven-wise, About him cast her shadowy hair And arms like silver glimmering. Long was the way that fate them bore, O'er stony mountains cold and grey, Through halls of iron and darkling door, And woods of nightshade morrowless. The Sundering Seas between them lay, And yet at last they met once more, And long ago they passed away In the forest singing sorrowless.
Against all odds, over a noisy telephone line, tapped by the tax authorities and the secret police, Alice will happily attempt, with someone she doesn't trust, whom she cannot hear clearly, and who is probably someone else, to fiddle her tax returns and to organise a coup d'etat, while at the same time minimising the cost of the phone call. A coding theorist is someone who doesn't think Alice is crazy. April 1984
Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled. Ever since, he's been talking about the good old dais. His students planted a small orchard in his honor; the trees all have square roots.
Against Idleness and Mischief How doth the little busy bee How skillfully she builds her cell! Improve each shining hour, How neat she spreads the wax! And gather honey all the day And labours hard to store it well From every opening flower! With the sweet food she makes. In works of labour or of skill In books, or work, or healthful play, I would be busy too; Let my first years be passed, For Satan finds some mischief still That I may give for every day For idle hands to do. Some good account at last.
Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet. His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.
A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist. He explained that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win. They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they each propose to ensure a win. When they reconvened the gangster started with the engineer: Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got? Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide electrical shock to the horse. G: That's very good! But let's hear from the chemist. Chemist: I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore cannot be detected in post-race tests. G: Excellent, excellent! But I want to hear from the physicist before I decide what to do. Physicist? Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
Age is a tyrant who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.
A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding ducks.
Age, n.: That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we still cherish by reviling those that we no longer have the enterprise to commit.
A German, a Pole and a Czech left camp for a hike through the woods. After being reported missing a day or two later, rangers found two bears, one a male, one a female, looking suspiciously overstuffed. They killed the female, autopsied her, and sure enough, found the German and the Pole. "What do you think?" said the first ranger. "The Czech is in the male," replied the second.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown. When asked by her father why she had been on the phone so long, she responded "I heard a funny story today and I've been telling it to the Maureens."
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).
Agnes' Law: Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree. Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game. The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice firm tuft of grass.
A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the rough. Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such uncontrollable physical phenomena.
A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A good name lost is seldom regained. When character is gone, all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
A good plan isn't one where someone wins, it's where nobody thinks they've *lost*.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A good question is never answered. It is not a bolt to be tightened into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the hope of greening the landscape of idea.
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
A good scapegoat is hard to find. A guilty conscience is the mother of invention.
A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.
A good USENET motto would be: a. "Together, a strong community." b. "Computers R Us." c. "I'm sick of programming, I think I'll just screw around for a while on company time."
A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to you about yourself.
A "goto" in Perl falls into the category of hard things that should be possible, not easy things that should be easy.
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart that looks at her watch.
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away.
A grade school teacher was asking students what their parents did for a living. "Tim, you be first," she said. "What does your mother do all day?" Tim stood up and proudly said, "She's a doctor." "That's wonderful. How about you, Amie?" Amie shyly stood up, scuffed her feet and said, "My father is a mailman." "Thank you, Amie," said the teacher. "What about your father, Billy?" Billy proudly stood up and announced, "My daddy plays piano in a whorehouse." The teacher was aghast and promptly changed the subject to geography. Later that day she went to Billy's house and rang the bell. Billy's father answered the door. The teacher explained what his son had said and demanded an explanation. Billy's father replied, "Well, I'm really an attorney. But how do you explain a thing like that to a seven-year-old child?"
A grammarian's life is always in tense.
A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
"A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices."
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest man a century.
A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head. The green earflaps, full of large ears and uncut hair and the fine bristles that grew in the ears themselves, stuck out on either side like turn signals indicating two directions at once. Full, pursed lips protruded beneath the bushy black moustache and, at their corners, sank into little folds filled with disapproval and potato chip crumbs. In the shadow under the green visor of the cap Ignatius J. Reilly's supercilious blue and yellow eyes looked down upon the other people waiting under the clock at the D. H. Holmes department store, studying the crowd of people for signs of bad taste in dress. Several of the outfits, Ignatius noticed, were new enough and expensive enough to be properly considered offenses against taste and decency. Possession of anything new or expensive only reflected a person's lack of theology and geometry; it could even cast doubts upon one's soul.
Agree with them now, it will save so much time.
A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for not going to church on Sunday.
A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, carries it to the bathroom and dumps it into a urinal. Over the course of the next few hours, he goes back to the bar and repeats this sequence -- several times. Finally the bartender got so curious that he leaned over the bar and asked him what he was doing. Replied the customer, "Avoiding the middleman."
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
Ahahahahaha! Ahahahaha! Aahahaha! BEWARE!!!!! Yrs sincerely The Opera Ghost
A halted retreat Is nerve-wracking and dangerous. To retain people as men -- and maidservants Brings good fortune.
A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact. Someone pointed out that it's the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.
Ah, but a man's grasp should exceed his reach, Or what's a heaven for ?
Ah, but the choice of dreams to live, there's the rub. For all dreams are not equal, some exit to nightmare most end with the dreamer But at least one must be lived ... and died.
"Ahead warp factor 1"
Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.
A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other people's patience.
A heap of discarded garments by the bed suggested that Verence had mastered the art of hanging up clothes as practised by half the population of the world, and that he had equally had difficulty with the complex topological manoeuvres necessary to turn the socks the right way out.
A help wanted add for a photo journalist asked the rhetorical question: If you found yourself in a situation where you could either save a drowning man, or you could take a Pulitzer prize winning photograph of him drowning, what shutter speed and setting would you use?
A Hen Brooding Kittens A friend informs us that he saw at the Novato ranch, Marin county, a few days since, a hen actually brooding and otherwise caring for three kittens! The gentleman upon whose premises this strange event is transpiring says the hen adopted the kittens when they were but a few days old, and that she has devoted them her undivided care for several weeks past. The young felines are now of respectable size, but they nevertheless follow the hen at her cluckings, and are regularly brooded at night beneath her wings.
A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.
Ahhhhhh... the smell of cuprinol and mahogany. It excites me to... acts of passion... acts of... ineptitude.
Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me, "How good, how good does it feel to be free?" And I answer them most mysteriously: "Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you.
A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone. "Hello?" his friend answers. "Hi!" says the man. "This is Bob, how are you doing?" "Oh," says the friend, "I'm doing great! I just sold a screenplay for two hundred thousand dollars. I've started a novel adaptation and the studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it. I also have a television series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit! I'm doing *great*! How are you?" "Okay," says the producer, "give me a call when he leaves."
A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?
"A horrible little boy came up to me and said, `You know in your book The Martian Chronicles?' I said, `Yes?' He said, `You know where you talk about Deimos rising in the East?' I said, `Yes?' He said `No.'
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!
A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three days old. He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.
A housewife, an accountant and a lawyer were asked to add 2 and 2. The housewife replied, "Four!". The accountant said, "It's either 3 or 4. Let me run those figures through my spread sheet one more time." The lawyer pulled the drapes, dimmed the lights and asked in a hushed voice, "How much do you want it to be?"
"Ah. Philosophy," said Om.
Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
Ah, sweet Springtime, when a young man lightly turns his fancy over!
Ah, the Tsar's bazaar's bizarre beaux-arts!
> > > Ah, understood. I was stuck with Outlook at my last job, and it was > > > impossible to get it to quote a message in a way that you could > > > actually reply to things point by point. It seemed optimized for > > > sending a message to every person in the company and making all of > > > your text blue. What a fucking joke. > > > > If it's a joke you should use Comic Sans so everyone /knows/ it's > > funny. > > No no, Comic Sans is for presentations to the shareholders! Somebody who is presenting to shareholders knows how to change the default font? Weird…
A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
"Ah, you know the type. They like to blame it all on the Jews or the Blacks, 'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact that life's one big, scary, glorious, complex and ultimately unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only reason THEY can't seem to keep up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers."
A hypothetical paradox: What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team, who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
<ahzz_> i figured 17G oughta be enough.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
"Ain't that something what happened today. One of us got traded to Kansas City." been traded.
Air Family: Describes the false sense of community experienced among coworkers in an office environment. Culture"
Air Force Inertia Axiom: Consistency is always easier to defend than correctness.
Air is water with holes in it.
air, n.: A nutritious substance supplied by a bountiful Providence for the fattening of the poor.
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value. Ecole Superieure de Guerre
Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.
AIRPORTS: A place where people hurry up and wait. by Angalo de Haberdasheri (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
A is for Apple.
A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and B is for biff, which reads all your mail. C is for cc, as hackers recall, while D is for dd, the command that does all. E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees. G is for grep, a clever detective, while H is for halt, which may seem defective. I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and J is for join, which nobody uses. K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while L is for lex, which is missing from DOS. M is for more, from which less was begot, and N is for nice, which it really is not. O is for od, which prints out things nice, while P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice. Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table. S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while T is for true, which does very little. U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and V is for vi, which is hard to abort. W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while X is, well, X, of dubious fame. Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
<aj> come on <aj> it's a pico clone <aj> it's *meant* to be annoying
<aj> <Knghtbrd> the increase in tension worldwide (as evidenced by crime <aj> and whatnot) over that time period looks a lot like Linux <aj> growth since 1993 <aj> ``Linux linked to worldwide crime epidemic!!''
A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe. Retorted the chef, "Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we never reveal our sauce."
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
A journey of a thousand miles starts under one's feet.
* aj thinks Kb^Zzz ought to pick different things to dream about than general resolutions and policy changes. <Kb^Zzz> aj - tell me about it, this is a Bad Sign
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
A kid'll eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually.
A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
A king's castle is his home.
A kiss is a course of procedure, cunningly devised, for the mutual stoppage of speech at a moment when words are superfluous.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A lady with one of her ears applied To an open keyhole heard, inside, Two female gossips in converse free -- The subject engaging them was she. "I think", said one, "and my husband thinks That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!" As soon as no more of it she could hear The lady, indignant, removed her ear. "I will not stay," she said with a pout, "To hear my character lied about!"
<alaint> joey--very clever !!! <alaint> joey--no wonder that Debian is a good distrib with coder like you
> Alan Cox wrote: [..] No I didn't. Someone else wrote that. Please keep attributions straight.
Alan Cox wrote: >> On any procmail new enough not to be full of security holes you set >Brain on, Imeant majordomo of course 8) You got me worried there for a brief (very brief) moment :-).
Alan E. Davis: Some files at llug.sep.bnl.gov/pub/debian/Incoming are stamped on 10 January 1998. As I write, nowhere on Earth is it now 10 January. Craig Sanders: That just proves how advanced debian is, doesn't it :-)
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do.
Alan Turing thought about criteria to settle the question of whether machines can think, a question of which we now know that it is about as relevant as the question of whether submarines can swim.
A large number of installed systems work by fiat. That is, they work by being declared to work.
A large spider in an old house built a beautiful web in which to catch flies. Every time a fly landed on the web and was entangled in it the spider devoured him, so that when another fly came along he would think the web was a safe and quiet place in which to rest. One day a fairly intelligent fly buzzed around above the web so long without lighting that the spider appeared and said, "Come on down." But the fly was too clever for him and said, "I never light where I don't see other flies and I don't see any other flies in your house." So he flew away until he came to a place where there were a great many other flies. He was about to settle down among them when a bee buzzed up and said, "Hold it, stupid, that's flypaper. All those flies are trapped." "Don't be silly," said the fly, "they're dancing." So he settled down and became stuck to the flypaper with all the other flies. Moral: There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
Alaska: A prelude to "No."
A Law of Computer Programming: Make it possible for programmers to write in English and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.
A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone. After he had made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he would like on it. "Here lies an honest man and a lawyer," responded the lawyer. "Sorry, but I can't do that," replied the stonecutter. "In this state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave. However, I could put ``here lies an honest lawyer'', if that would be okay." "But that won't let people know who it is" protested the lawyer. "Certainly will," retorted the stonecutter. "people will read it and exclaim, "That's Strange!"
Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself or not. Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has a beginning and an end. Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: "You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat. You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles. Do you understand this? And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they receive them there. The only difference is that there is no cat."
Albrecht's Law: Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well-being.
Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions. The surest poison is time.
Alcoholics Anonymous is when you get to drink under someone else's name.
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
Alden's Laws: (1) Giving away baby clothes and furniture is the major cause of pregnancy. (2) Always be backlit. (3) Sit down whenever possible.
Al didn't smile for forty years. You've got to admire a man like that.
Alea iacta est. [The die is cast]
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall, Aleph-null bottles of beer, You take one down, and pass it around, Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.
Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.
Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing - and that was the closest our country has ever been to being even.
Alex Buell: Or how about a Penguin logo painted in really really trippy colours, and emblazoned with the word LSD. :o) Geert Uytterhoeven: We already had that one, but unfortunately Russell King fixed that nasty palette bug in drivers/video/fbcon.c :-)
Alex Haley was adopted!
Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most important programming language yet developed.
algorithm, n.: Trendy dance for hip programmers.
A lie can run round the world before the truth has got its boots on.
A lie in time saves nine.
A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of trouble.
A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.
A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Alimony is the high cost of leaving.
alimony, n: Having an ex you can bank on.
A Linux machine! Because a 486 is a terrible thing to waste!
Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.
A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
A little dog goes into a saloon in the Wild West, and beckons to the bartender. "Hey, bartender, gimme a whiskey." The bartender ignores him. "Hey bartender, gimme a whiskey!" Still ignored. "HEY BARMAN!! GIMME A WHISKEY!!" The bartender takes out his six-shooter and shoots the dog in the leg, and the dog runs out the saloon, howling in pain. Three years later, the wee dog appears again, wearing boots, jeans, chaps, a Stetson, gun belt, and guns. He ambles slowly into the saloon, goes up to the bar, leans over it, and says to the bartender, "I'm here t'git the man that shot muh paw."
A little experience often upsets a lot of theory.
A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
A little kid went up to Santa and asked him, "Santa, you know when I'm bad right?" And Santa says, "Yes, I do." The little kid then asks, "And you know when I'm sleeping?" To which Santa replies, "Every minute." So the little kid then says, "Well, if you know when I'm bad and when I'm good, then how come you don't know what I want for Christmas?"
A little pain never hurt anyone.
A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects, those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers. Consider Unix, APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
A little suffering is good for the soul.
A little word of doubtful number, A foe to rest and peaceful slumber. If you add an "s" to this, Great is the metamorphosis. Plural is plural now no more, And sweet what bitter was before. What am I?
Alive without breath, As cold as death; Never thirsty, ever drinking, All in mail never clinking.
All a man needs out of life is a place to sit 'n' spit in the fire.
All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
All art is but imitation of nature.
All assassins had a full-length mirror in their rooms, because it would be a terrible insult to anyone to kill them when you were badly dressed.
All bad precedents began as justifiable measures. Catiline", by Sallust
"All bastards are bastards, but some bastards is *bastards*."
"All Bibles are man-made."
All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely than others.
All celebrity voices impersonated.
All constants are variables.
=== ALL CSH USERS PLEASE NOTE ======================== Set the variable $LOSERS to all the people that you think are losers. This will cause all said losers to have the variable $PEOPLE-WHO-THINK-I-AM-A-LOSER updated in their .login file. Should you attempt to execute a job on a machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a cold boot process.
All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
All dwarfs are by nature dutiful, serious, literate, obedient and thoughtful people whose only minor failing is a tendency, after one drink, to rush at enemies screaming "Arrrrrrgh!" and axing their legs off at the knee.
All dwarfs have beards and wear up to twelve layers of clothing. Gender is more or less optional.
Allen's Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.
All extremists should be taken out and shot.
All Finagle Laws may be bypassed by learning the simple art of doing without thinking.
=============== ALL FRESHMEN PLEASE NOTE =============== To minimize scheduling confusion, please realize that if you are taking one course which is offered at only one time on a given day, and another which is offered at all times on that day, the second class will be arranged as to afford maximum inconvenience to the student. For example, if you happen to work on campus, you will have 1-2 hours between classes. If you commute, there will be a minimum of 6 hours between the two classes.
All generalisations are dangerous, including this one.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
"All God's children are not beautiful. Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable."
All God's children are not beautiful. Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable.
All good ideas look like bad ideas to those who are losers.
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
All his life he has looked away... to the horizon, to the sky, to the future. Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
"All holy piety in public, and all peeled grapes and self-indulgence in private."
All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
Alliance: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third.
Alliance, n.: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
All I can think of is a platter of organic PRUNE CRISPS being trampled by an army of swarthy, Italian LOUNGE SINGERS ...
All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard, ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
All I need to have a good time, Is a reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine. With those three things I don't need no sunshine, A reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine. All I want is to never grow old, I want to wash in a bathtub of gold. I want 97 kilos already rolled, I want to wash in a bathtub of gold. I want to light my cigars with 10 dollar bills, I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills. I want a bottle of Red Eye that's always filled, I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
All intelligent species own cats.
All international orders must be accompanied by payment in U. S. funds.
All is fear in love and war.
All is well that ends well.
All I've got left on the list of desirable vocations is heiress to the throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anderson. "Be practical", was the choral reply from the dinner table. Well, Laurie Anderson is already Laurie Anderson, but I read an article in Harpers that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think, that have queens as sovereign rulers. That's probably my best shot.
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
All kings is mostly rapscallions.
All language designers are arrogant. Goes with the territory...
All language designers are arrogant. Goes with the territory... :-)
All laws are simulations of reality.
All Lies Lead to the Truth
All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.
All men have the right to wait in line.
All men know the utility of useful things; but they do not know the utility of futility.
All men profess honesty as long as they can. To believe all men honest would be folly. To believe none so is something worse.
All models over 18 years of age.
All most people want is a little more than they'll ever get.
All my friends and I are crazy. That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
All my friends are getting married, Yes, they're all growing old, They're all staying home on the weekend, They're all doing what they're told.
"All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific."
All names listed are proprietary trademarks of their respective corporations.
All new: Parts not interchangeable with previous model.
All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.
All of a sudden, I want to THROW OVER my promising ACTING CAREER, grow a LONG BLACK BEARD and wear a BASEBALL HAT!! ... Although I don't know WHY!!
All of life is a blur of Republicans and meat!
All of the animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
All of the people in my building are insane. The guy above me designs synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats. The lady across the hall tried to rob a department store... with a pricing gun... She said, "Give me all of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store."
All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks, tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks: "Just lie down on the floor and keep calm."
All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of the United States.
"All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume."
Allow 6 to 8 weeks for delivery.
All parts should go together without forcing. You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you. Therefore, if you can't get them together again, there must be a reason. By all means, do not use a hammer.
All people are born alike -- except Republicans and Democrats.
All phone calls are obscene.
All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
All power corrupts, but we need electricity.
All programmers are optimists. Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers. Perhaps the hundreds of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end goal. Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger, and the young are always optimists. But however the selection process works, the result is indisputable: "This time it will surely run," or "I just found the last bug."
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism to live beyond its income.
"All right," said Masklin. "But you're not to fly down low again and try to read the signposts. Every time you do that, humans rush into the streets and we get lots of shouting on the radio." "That's right." said the Thing. "People are bound to get excited when they see a ten-million-ton starship trying to fly down the street."
All right," said Susan. "I'm not stupid. You're saying humans need... fantasies to make life bearable." REALLY? AS IF IT WAS SOME KIND OF PINK PILL? NO. HUMANS NEED FANTASY TO BE HUMAN. TO BE THE PLACE WHERE THE FALLING ANGEL MEETS THE RISING APE. "Tooth fairies? Hogfathers? Little—" YES. AS PRACTICE. YOU HAVE TO START OUT LEARNING TO BELIEVE THE LITTLE LIES. "So we can believe the big ones?" YES. JUSTICE. MERCY. DUTY. THAT SORT OF THING. "They're not the same at all!" YOU THINK SO? THEN TAKE THE UNIVERSE AND GRIND IT DOWN TO THE FINEST POWDER AND SIEVE IT THROUGH THE FINEST SIEVE AND THEN SHOW ME ONE ATOM OF JUSTICE, ONE MOLECULE OF MERCY. AND YET—Death waved a hand. AND YET YOU ACT AS IF THERE IS SOME IDEAL ORDER IN THE WORLD, AS IF THERE IS SOME...SOME RIGHTNESS IN THE UNIVERSE BY WHICH IT MAY BE JUDGED. "Yes, but people have got to believe that, or what's the point—" MY POINT EXACTLY.
All rights reserved.
All right, you degenerates! I want this place evacuated in 20 seconds!
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from the mouths of people who have had to live.
All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
All seems condemned in the long run to approximate a state akin to Gaussian noise.
"All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands."
All's well that ends.
All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.
All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost; The old that is strong does not wither, Deep roots are not reached by the frost. From the ashes a fire shall be woken, A light from the shadows shall spring; Renewed shall be blade that was broken, The crownless again shall be king.
All that you touch, And all you create, All that you see, And all you destroy, All that you taste, All that you do, All you feel, And all you say, And all that you love, All that you eat, And all that you hate, And everyone you meet, All you distrust, All that you slight, All you save, And everyone you fight, And all that you give, And all that is now, And all that you deal, And all that is gone, All that you buy, And all that's to come, Beg, borrow or steal, And everything under the sun is in tune, But the sun is eclipsed By the moon. There is no dark side of the moon... really... matter of fact it's all dark.
All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can, too, provided you use them for business purposes. For example, if you subscribe to the Wall Street Journal, a business-related newspaper, you can deduct the cost of your house, because, in the words of U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax decision: "Where else are you going to read the paper? Outside? What if it rains?"
All the evidence concerning the universe has not yet been collected, so there's still hope.
All the existing 2.0.x kernels are too buggy for 2.1.x to be the main goal.
"...all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned products, if they are built at all, are dogs!"
"... all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned products, if they are built at all, are dogs!" MIT Press, 1987
All the lines have been written There's been Sandburg, It's sad but it's true Keats, Poe and McKuen With all the words gone, They all had their day What's a young poet to do? And knew what they're doin' But of all the words written The bird is a strange one, And all the lines read, So small and so tender There's one I like most, Its breed still unknown, And by a bird it was said! Not to mention its gender. It reminds me of days of So what is this line Both gloom and of light. Whose author's unknown It still lifts my spirits And still makes me giggle And starts the day right. Even now that I'm grown? I've read all the greats Both starving and fat, But none was as great as "I tot I taw a puddy tat."
"... all the modern inconveniences ..."
All theoretical chemistry is really physics; and all theoretical chemists know it.
"All the other prophets came back with commandments!" "Where they get them?" "I ... suppose they made them up." "You get them from the same place."
All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most ridiculous ones.
"All the people are so happy now, their heads are caving in. I'm glad they are a snowman with protective rubber skin"
All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
"All these black people are screwing up my democracy." - Ian Smith
All the simple programs have been written.
"All the system's paths must be topologically and circularly interrelated for conceptually definitive, locally transformable, polyhedronal understanding to be attained in our spontaneous -- ergo, most economical -- geodesiccally structured thoughts." tell. -kl]
All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by the government in less than a second.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All the world's a VAX, And all the coders merely butchers; They have their exits and their entrails; And one int in his time plays many widths, His sizeof being N bytes. At first the infant, Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms. And then the whining schoolboy, with his Sun, And shining morning face, creeping like slug Unwillingly to school.
All things are either sacred or profane. The former to ecclesiasts bring gain; The latter to the devil appertain.
All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.
All things being equal, you are bound to lose.
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
All this big deal about white collar crime -- what's WRONG with white collar crime? Who enjoys his job today? You? Me? Anybody? The only satisfying part of any job is coffee break, lunch hour and quitting time. Years ago there was at least the hope of improvement -- eventual promotion -- more important jobs to come. Once you can be sold the myth that you may make president of the company you'll hardly ever steal stamps. But nobody believes he's going to be president anymore. The more people change jobs the more they realize that there is a direct connection between working for a living and total stupefying boredom. So why NOT take revenge? You're not going to find ME knocking a guy because he pads an expense account and his home stationery carries the company emblem. Take away crime from the white collar worker and you will rob him of his last vestige of job interest.
All this time I've been VIEWING a RUSSIAN MIDGET SODOMIZE a HOUSECAT!
All this wheeling and dealing around, why, it isn't for money, it's for fun. Money's just the way we keep score.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
All truths are true to an extend, including this one. -XA
=== ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE ======================== A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added. The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users. The Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid. When the switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O. Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the back of VMI monitors. Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging performance.
=== ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE ======================== Bug reports now amount to an average of 12,853 per day. Unfortunately, this is only a small fraction [ < 1% ] of the mail volume we receive. In order that we may more expeditiously deal with these valuable messages, please communicate them by one of the following paths: ARPA: WastebasketSLMHQ.ARPA UUCP: [berkeley, seismo, harpo]!fubar!thekid!slmhq!wastebasket Non-network sites: Federal Express to: Wastebasket Room NE43-926 Copernicus, The Moon, 12345-6789 For that personal contact feeling call 1-415-642-4948; our trained operators are on call 24 hours a day. VISA/MC accepted.* * Our very rich lawyers have assured us that we are not responsible for any errors or advice given over the phone.
=== ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE ======================== CAR and CDR now return extra values. The function CAR now returns two values. Since it has to go to the trouble to figure out if the object is carcdr-able anyway, we figured you might as well get both halves at once. For example, the following code shows how to destructure a cons (SOME-CONS) into its two slots (THE-CAR and THE-CDR): (MULTIPLE-VALUE-BIND (THE-CAR THE-CDR) (CAR SOME-CONS) ...) For symmetry with CAR, CDR returns a second value which is the CAR of the object. In a related change, the functions MAKE-ARRAY and CONS have been fixed so they don't allocate any storage except on the stack. This should hopefully help people who don't like using the garbage collector because it cold boots the machine so often.
=== ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE ======================== Compiler optimizations have been made to macro expand LET into a WITHOUT- INTERRUPTS special form so that it can PUSH things into a stack in the LET-OPTIMIZATION area, SETQ the variables and then POP them back when it's done. Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing. Note that LET *could* have been defined by: (LET ((LET '`(LET ((LET ',LET)) ,LET))) `(LET ((LET ',LET)) ,LET)) This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.01 or 3.50 depending on whether you believe our friendly marketing representatives. This code was written by a new programmer here (we snatched him away from Itty Bitti Machines where he was writing COUGHBOL code) so to give him confidence we trusted his vows of "it works pretty well" and installed it.
=== ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE ======================== JCL support as alternative to system menu. In our continuing effort to support languages other than LISP on the CADDR, we have developed an OS/360-compatible JCL. This can be used as an alternative to the standard system menu. Type System J to get to a JCL interactive read-execute-diagnose loop window. [Note that for 360 compatibility, all input lines are truncated to 80 characters.] This window also maintains a mouse-sensitive display of critical job parameters such as dataset allocation, core allocation, channels, etc. When a JCL syntax error is detected or your job ABENDs, the window-oriented JCL debugger is entered. The JCL debugger displays appropriate OS/360 error messages (such as IEC703, "disk error") and allows you to dequeue your job.
=== ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE ======================== The garbage collector now works. In addition a new, experimental garbage collection algorithm has been installed. With SI:%DSK-GC-QLX-BITS set to 17, (NOT the default) the old garbage collection algorithm remains in force; when virtual storage is filled, the machine cold boots itself. With SI:%DSK-GC- QLX-BITS set to 23, the new garbage collector is enabled. Unlike most garbage collectors, the new gc starts its mark phase from the mind of the user, rather than from the obarray. This allows the garbage collection of significantly more Qs. As the garbage collector runs, it may ask you something like "Do you remember what SI:RDTBL-TRANS does?", and if you can't give a reasonable answer in thirty seconds, the symbol becomes a candidate for GCing. The variable SI:%GC-QLX-LUSER-TM governs how long the GC waits before timing out the user.
=== ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE ======================== There has been some confusion concerning MAPCAR. (DEFUN MAPCAR (&FUNCTIONAL FCN &EVAL &REST LISTS) (PROG (V P LP) (SETQ P (LOCF V)) L (SETQ LP LISTS) (%START-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL) L1 (OR LP (GO L2)) (AND (NULL (CAR LP)) (RETURN V)) (%PUSH (CAAR LP)) (RPLACA LP (CDAR LP)) (SETQ LP (CDR LP)) (GO L1) L2 (%FINISH-FUNCTION-CALL FCN T (LENGTH LISTS) NIL) (SETQ LP (%POP)) (RPLACD P (SETQ P (NCONS LP))) (GO L))) We hope this clears up the many questions we've had about it.
All warranty and guarantee clauses become null and void upon payment of invoice.
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers ... Each one owes infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in which he was born.
"All we are given is possibilities -- to make ourselves one thing or another."
All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information. This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with our lives."
All who joy would win Must share it -- Happiness was born a twin.
- "ALL YOU CAN HOPE FOR IS THE MERCY OF HELL." - "Yeah?" - "JUST OUR LITTLE JOKE." - "Ngk," said Crowley. (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
All your base are belong to us.
All your files have been destroyed (sorry). Paul.
All your people must learn before you can reach for the stars.
All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is informing, stimulating and ennobling.
Almost anything derogatory you could say about today's software design would be accurate.
Almost nothing in Perl serves a single purpose.
A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.
Alone, adj.: In bad company.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon. Buy the negatives at any price.
A long memory is the most subversive idea in America.
Along with the standard computer warranty agreement which said that if the machine 1) didn't work, 2) didn't do what the expensive advertisement said, 3) electrocuted the immediate neighbourhood, 4) and in fact failed entirely to be inside the expensive box when you opened it, this was expressly, absolutely, implicitly and in no event the fault or responsibility of the manufacturer, that the purchaser should consider himself lucky to be allowed to give his money to the manufacturer, and that any attempt to treat what had just been paid for as the purchaser's own property would result in the attentions of serious men with menacing briefcases and very thin watches.
A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and exceptional ability in that particular field."
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me. I'm afraid of widths.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I. I believe everything positively stinks.
A lot of the stuff I do is so minimal, and it's designed to be minimal. The smallness of it is what's attractive. It's weird, 'cause it's so intellectually lame. It's hard to see me doing that for the rest of my life. But at the same time, it's what I do best. Letterman"
Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted to a certain publicity and impartiality. All proffered samples of learning must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests. It is the essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such "show-down" is sacrilegious and perverse. The characteristic of religion, from their point of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed, not generally known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested in ordinary ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion is conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists, there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in religion in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics where the method of free inquiry has made its way. The "religious" would be the last to be willing that either the history of the content of religion should be taught in this spirit; while those to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely a technical device, but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must protest against its being taught in any other spirit. from "Democracy in the Schools", 1908
Alright, you!! Imitate a WOUNDED SEAL pleading for a PARKING SPACE!!
Also another major deciding factor is availability of source code. It just gives everybody a warm fuzzy feeling knowing that there is source code available to the product you are using. It allows everybody to improve on the product and fix bugs etc. sooner than the author(s) would get the time/chance to.
> Also another major deciding factor is availability of source code. > It just gives everybody a warm fuzzy feeling knowing that there is > source code available to the product you are using. It allows everybody > to improve on the product and fix bugs etc. sooner than the author(s) > would get the time/chance to. I think this is one the really BIG reasons for the snowball/onslaught of Linux and the wealth of stuff available that gets enhanced faster than the real vendors can keep up.
Also, the Scots are said to have invented golf. Then they had to invent Scotch whiskey to take away the pain and frustration.
alta, v: To change; make or become different; modify. ansa, v: A spoken or written reply, as to a question. baa, n: A place people meet to have a few drinks. Baaston, n: The capital of Massachusetts. baaba, n: One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards. beea, n: An alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and hops, often found in baas. caaa, n: An automobile. centa, n: A point around which something revolves; axis. (Or someone involved with the Knicks.) chouda, n: A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base. dada, n: Information, esp. information organized for analysis or computation.
Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
Although it is still a truism in industry that "no one was ever fired for buying IBM," Bill O'Neil, the chief technology officer at Drexel Burnham Lambert, says he knows for a fact that someone has been fired for just that reason. He knows it because he fired the guy. "He made a bad decision, and what it came down to was, 'Well, I bought it because I figured it was safe to buy IBM,'" Mr. O'Neil says. "I said, 'No. Wrong. Game over. Next contestant, please.'"
"Although Poles suffer official censorship, a pervasive secret police and laws similar to those in the USSR, there are thousands of underground publications, a legal independent Church, private agriculture, and the East bloc's first and only independent trade union federation, NSZZ Solidarnosc, which is an affiliate of both the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions and the World Confederation of Labor. There is literally a world of difference between Poland - even in its present state of collapse - and Soviet society at the peak of its "glasnost." This difference has been maintained at great cost by the Poles since 1944. gateway from EARN (European Academic Research Network) to Poland
Although the contents of her book, The Virtue of Selfishness, are precisely accurate and widely integrated, Ayn Rand committed an error by distorting the word "selfishness" in fashioning a dramatic statement. The word "selfishness" does have valuable, precise denotations of "an irrational, harmful disregard for others". Rand could have strengthened her work by selecting accurate wording such as rational self-growth. Instead, she unnecessarily bent and undermined the precise, valuable meaning of selfishness. …As with selflessness, selfishness is a form of immature, destructive, irrational behavior -- a form of stupid behavior. [Neo-Tech Advantage No. 14 - "Self-Growth vs. Selfless View"](http://www.neo-tech.com/neotech/advantages/advantage14.html)
Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.
Although the Perl Slogan is There's More Than One Way to Do It, I hesitate to make 10 ways to do something. :-)
Although the scythe isn't pre-eminent among the weapons of war, anyone who has been on the wrong end of, say, a peasants' revolt will know that in skilled hands it is fearsome.
Although we modern persons tend to take our electric lights, radios, mixers, etc., for granted, hundreds of years ago people did not have any of these things, which is just as well because there was no place to plug them in. Then along came the first Electrical Pioneer, Benjamin Franklin, who flew a kite in a lighting storm and received a serious electrical shock. This proved that lighting was powered by the same force as carpets, but it also damaged Franklin's brain so severely that he started speaking only in incomprehensible maxims, such as "A penny saved is a penny earned." Eventually he had to be given a job running the post office.
Although written many years ago, Lady Chatterley's Lover has just been reissued by the Grove Press, and this pictorial account of the day-to-day life of an English gamekeeper is full of considerable interest to outdoor minded readers, as it contains many passages on pheasant-raising, the apprehending of poachers, ways to control vermin, and other chores and duties of the professional gamekeeper. Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade through many pages of extraneous material in order to discover and savour those sidelights on the management of a midland shooting estate, and in this reviewer's opinion the book cannot take the place of J. R. Miller's "Practical Gamekeeping."
Always be sincere, even when you don't mean it. -Irene Peter
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.
Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.
Always look over your shoulder because everyone is watching and plotting against you.
Always remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else.
Always store beer in a dark place.
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
Always there remain portions of our heart into which no one is able to enter, invite them as we may.
Always think of something new; this helps you forget your last rotten idea.
Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing that way.
Always wear your seat belt.
A manager asked a programmer how long it would take him to finish the program on which he was working. "I will be finished tomorrow," the programmer promptly replied. "I think you are being unrealistic," said the manager. "Truthfully, how long will it take?" The programmer thought for a moment. "I have some features that I wish to add. This will take at least two weeks," he finally said. "Even that is too much to expect," insisted the manager, "I will be satisfied if you simply tell me when the program is complete." The programmer agreed to this. Several years later, the manager retired. On the way to his retirement lunch, he discovered the programmer asleep at his terminal. He had been programming all night.
A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him invented a new program that became popular and sold well. As a result, the manager retained his job. The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer refused it, saying, "I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting concept, and thus I expect no reward." The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, "This programmer, though he holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an employee. Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!" But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, "I exist so that I can program. If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste everyone's time. Can I go now? I have a program that I'm working on."
A manager went to his programmers and told them: "As regards to your work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave at five in the afternoon." At this, all of them became angry and several resigned on the spot. So the manager said: "All right, in that case you may set your own working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule." The programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee hours of the morning.
A manager went to the master programmer and showed him the requirements document for a new application. The manager asked the master: "How long will it take to design this system if I assign five programmers to it?" "It will take one year," said the master promptly. "But we need this system immediately or even sooner! How long will it take it I assign ten programmers to it?" The master programmer frowned. "In that case, it will take two years." "And what if I assign a hundred programmers to it?" The master programmer shrugged. "Then the design will never be completed," he said.
"A man could go far, knowing his rights like you do," said Granny. "But right now he should go home."
A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.
A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master, Knuth. When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found. "Where is the wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student. "Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new disciples." Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.
A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles in the road.
A man is crawling through the Sahara desert when he is approached by another man riding on a camel. When the rider gets close enough, the crawling man whispers through his sun-parched lips, "Water... please... can you give... water..." "I'm sorry," replies the man on the camel, "I don't have any water with me. But I'd be delighted to sell you a necktie." "Tie?" whispers the man. "I need *water*." "They're only four dollars apiece." "I need *water*." "Okay, okay, say two for seven dollars." "Please! I need *water*!", says the man. "I don't have any water, all I have are ties," replies the salesman, and he heads off into the distance. The man, losing track of time, crawls for what seems like days. Finally, nearly dead, sun-blind and with his skin peeling and blistering, he sees a restaurant in the distance. Summoning the last of his strength he staggers up to the door and confronts the head waiter. "Water... can I get... water," the dying man manages to stammer. "I'm sorry, sir, ties required."
A man is known by the company he organizes.
A man is not complete until he is married -- then he is finished.
A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he was making a bolt for the door.
A man said to the Universe: "Sir, I exist!" "However," replied the Universe, "the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
A man's best friend is his dogma.
A man's house is his castle.
A man's house is his hassle.
A man threw himself through the window, a knife between his teeth, a Kalashnikov automatic rifle in one hand, a grenade in the other. "I glaim gis oteg in der gaing og der --" he paused. He tooke the knife out of his teeth and began again.
A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender, "Do you serve lawyers here?". "Sure do," replied the bartender. "Good," said the man. "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for my 'gator."
A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his wife asked "What have you got there?" Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."
A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn in no other way.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey.
A man with one watch knows what time it is. A man with two watches is never quite sure.
A man would still do something out of sheer perversity - he would create destruction and chaos - just to gain his point... and if all this could in turn be analyzed and prevented by predicting that it would occur, then man would deliberately go mad to prove his point.
A marriage is always made up of two people who are prepared to swear that only the other one snores
A marriage is always made up of two people who are prepared to swear that only the other one snores.
A master programmer passed a novice programmer one day. The master noted the novice's preoccupation with a hand-held computer game. "Excuse me", he said, "may I examine it?" The novice bolted to attention and handed the device to the master. "I see that the device claims to have three levels of play: Easy, Medium, and Hard", said the master. "Yet every such device has another level of play, where the device seeks not to conquer the human, nor to be conquered by the human." "Pray, great master," implored the novice, "how does one find this mysterious setting?" The master dropped the device to the ground and crushed it under foot. And suddenly the novice was enlightened.
A master was asked the question, "What is the Way?" by a curious monk. "It is right before your eyes," said the master. "Why do I not see it for myself?" "Because you are thinking of yourself." "What about you: do you see it?" "So long as you see double, saying `I don't', and `you do', and so on, your eyes are clouded," said the master. "When there is neither `I' nor `You', can one see it?" "When there is neither `I' nor `You', who is the one that wants to see it?"
A master was explaining the nature of Tao to one of his novices. "The Tao is embodied in all software -- regardless of how insignificant," said the master. "Is Tao in a hand-held calculator?" asked the novice. "It is," came the reply. "Is the Tao in a video game?" continued the novice. "It is even in a video game," said the master. "And is the Tao in the DOS for a personal computer?" The master coughed and shifted his position slightly. "The lesson is over for today," he said.
A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman. As they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump. The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may yet save her!!" The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and 6 feet high." The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
AMAZING BUT TRUE ... If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
AMAZING BUT TRUE ... There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
Ambidextrous, adj.: Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left.
Ambiguity: Telling the truth when you don't mean to.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
Ambition, n: An overmastering desire to be vilified by enemies while living and made ridiculous by friends when dead.
Ambition Those who wish to change the world According with their desire Cannot succeed. The world is shaped by the Way; It cannot be shaped by the self. Trying to change it, you damage it; Trying to possess it, you lose it. So some will lead, while others follow. Some will be warm, others cold Some will be strong, others weak. Some will get where they are going While others fall by the side of the road. So the sage will be neither extravagant nor violent.
Ambush There is a saying among soldiers: It is easier to lose a yard than take an inch. In this manner one may deploy troops without marshalling them, Bring weapons to bear without exposing them, Engage the foe without invading them, And exhaust their strength without fighting them. There is no worse disaster than misunderstanding your enemy; To do so endangers all of my treasures; So when two well matched forces oppose eachother, The general who maintains compassion will win.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
America: born free and taxed to death.
America has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up.
America, how can I write a holy litany in your silly mood?
"America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort."
America!! I saw it all!! Vomiting! Waving! JERRY FALWELLING into your void tube of UHF oblivion!! SAFEWAY of the mind ...
America is the country where you buy a lifetime supply of aspirin for one dollar, and use it up in two weeks.
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization.
American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective employees be honest and hardworking. It has even stopped hoping for employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference between the men's room and the women's room without having little pictures on the doors.
American by birth; Texan by the grace of God.
Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.
Americans' greatest fear is that America will turn out to have been a phenomenon, not a civilization.
- "America?" said Mrs Liberty. "Won't we get scalped?" - "Good grief, no!" said William Stickers, who was a bit more up to date about the world. - "*Probably* not," said Mr Fletcher, who had been watching the news lately and was even more up to date than William Stickers. (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.
America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until people got tired of living in a place called "Vespuccia" and changed its name to "America".
America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"
A method of solution is perfect if we can forsee from the start, and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new game. Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly along it at the water's edge. Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match. Then, the paper reports "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin colony and overfly it. Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins fall over gently onto their backs.
Am I accompanied by a PARENT or GUARDIAN?
Am I elected yet?
AmigaDOS Beer: The company has gone out of business, but their recipe has been picked up by some weird German company, so now this beer will be an import. This beer never really sold very well because the original manufacturer didn't understand marketing. Like Unix Beer, AmigaDOS Beer fans are an extremely loyal and loud group. It originally came in a 16-oz. can, but now comes in 32-oz. cans too. When this can was originally introduced, it appeared flashy and colorful, but the design hasn't changed much over the years, so it appears dated now. Critics of this beer claim that it is only meant for watching TV anyway.
A mighty creature is the germ, Though smaller than the pachyderm. His customary dwelling place Is deep within the human race. His childish pride he often pleases By giving people strange diseases. Do you, my poppet, feel infirm? You probably contain a germ.
Am I in GRADUATE SCHOOL yet?
"A mind is a terrible thing to have leaking out your ears."
A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.
Am I ranting? I hope so. My ranting gets raves.
Am I SHOPLIFTING?
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
A modem is a baudy house.
A MODERN FABLE Aesop's fables and other traditional children's stories involve allegory far too subtle for the youth of today. Children need an updated message with contemporary circumstance and plot line, and short enough to suit today's minute attention span. The Troubled Aardvark Once upon a time, there was an aardvark whose only pleasure in life was driving from his suburban bungalow to his job at a large brokerage house in his brand new 4x4. He hated his manipulative boss, his conniving and unethical co-workers, his greedy wife, and his snivelling, spoiled children. One day, the aardvark reflected on the meaning of his life and his career and on the unchecked, catastrophic decline of his nation, its pathetic excuse for leadership, and the complete ineffectiveness of any personal effort he could make to change the status quo. Overcome by a wave of utter depression and self-doubt, he decided to take the only course of action that would bring him greater comfort and happiness: he drove to the mall and bought imported consumer electronics goods. MORAL OF THE STORY: Invest in foreign consumer electronics manufacturers.
Amoebit: Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply and divide at the same time.
Among the generalists, the conventional wisdom is that the worse-is-better approach is more adaptive. Personally, I get a little tired of the argument: My worse-is-better is better than your worse-is-better because I'm better at being worser! Is it really true that the worse-is-better approach always wins? With Perl 6 we're trying to sneak one better-is-better cycle in there and hope to come out ahead before reverting to the tried and true worse-is-better approach. Whether that works, only time will tell. Larry Wall in "State of the Onion 11" http://www.perl.com/pub/a/2007/12/06/soto-11.html?page=3
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
Amor Fati ("Love of fate" in Latin)
A morgue is a morgue is a morgue. They can paint the walls with aggressively cheerful primary colors and splashy bold graphics, but it's still a holding place for the dead until they can be parted out to organ banks. Not that I would have cared normally but my viewpoint was skewed. The relentless pleasance of the room I sat in seemed only grotesque.
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable.
"...a most excellent barbarian ... Genghis Khan!"
A mother mouse was taking her large brood for a stroll across the kitchen floor one day when the local cat, by a feat of stealth unusual even for its species, managed to trap them in a corner. The children cowered, terrified by this fearsome beast, plaintively crying, "Help, Mother! Save us! Save us! We're scared, Mother!" Mother Mouse, with the hopeless valor of a parent protecting its children, turned with her teeth bared to the cat, towering huge above them, and suddenly began to bark in a fashion that would have done any Doberman proud. The startled cat fled in fear for its life. As her grateful offspring flocked around her shouting "Oh, Mother, you saved us!" and "Yay! You scared the cat away!" she turned to them purposefully and declared, "You see how useful it is to know a second language?"
A motion to adjourn is always in order.
A mouse is a device used to point at the xterm you want to type in.
A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.
A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.
A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a new theatrical season. "Who am I to stone the first cast?"
A musician, an artist, an architect: the man or woman who is not one of these is not a Christian.
A musician of more ambition than talent composed an elegy at the death of composer Edward MacDowell. She played the elegy for the pianist Josef Hoffman, then asked his opinion. "Well, it's quite nice," he replied, but don't you think it would be better if..." "If what?" asked the composer. "If ... if you had died and MacDowell had written the elegy?"
"An Academic speculated whether a bather is beautiful if there is none in the forest to admire her. He hid in the bushes to find out, which vitiated his premise but made him happy. Moral: Empiricism is more fun than speculation."
An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
An Ada exception is when a routine gets in trouble and says 'Beam me up, Scotty'.
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because people refuse to see it.
An air of FRENCH FRIES permeates my nostrils!!
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
An algebra teacher is discussing a problem with a student. The teacher says: "Now, suppose x is the speed at which the train is travelling…". And the student says "But teacher, what if x is not the speed at which the train is travelling?"
An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
An ambassador is an honest man sent abroad to lie and intrigue for the benefit of his country.
An amendment to a motion may be amended, but an amendment to an amendment to a motion may not be amended. However, a substitute for an amendment to and amendment to a motion may be adopted and the substitute may be amended. language.
An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the president but is always polite to traffic cops.
An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen. He was amazed to find that over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not let it spill out). The American said with a nervous laugh, "Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck, do you, Professor Bohr? After all, as a scientist --" Bohr chuckled. "I believe no such thing, my good friend. Not at all. I am scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense. However, I am told that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."
An ancient proverb summed it up: when a wizard is tired of looking for broken glass in his dinner, it ran, he is tired of life.
... an anecdote from IBM's Yorktown Heights Research Center. When a programmer used his new computer terminal, all was fine when he was sitting down, but he couldn't log in to the system when he was standing up. That behavior was 100 percent repeatable: he could always log in when sitting and never when standing. Most of us just sit back and marvel at such a story; how could that terminal know whether the poor guy was sitting or standing? Good debuggers, though, know that there has to be a reason. Electrical theories are the easiest to hypothesize: was there a loose wire under the carpet, or problems with static electricity? But electrical problems are rarely consistently reproducible. An alert IBMer finally noticed that the problem was in the terminal's keyboard: the tops of two keys were switched. When the programmer was seated he was a touch typist and the problem went unnoticed, but when he stood he was led astray by hunting and pecking.
An Animal that knows who it is, one that has a sense of his own identity, is a discontented creature, doomed to create new problems for himself for the duration of his stay on this planet. Since neither the mouse nor the chimp knows what is, he is spared all the vexing problems that follow this discovery. But as soon as the human animal who asked himself this question emerged, he plunged himself and his descendants into an eternity of doubt and brooding, speculation and truth-seeking that has goaded him through the centuries as relentlessly as hunger or sexual longing. The chimp that does not know that he exists is not driven to discover his origins and is spared the tragic necessity of contemplating his own end. And even if the animal experimenters succeed in teaching a chimp to count one hundred bananas or to play chess, the chimp will develop no science and he will exhibit no appreciation of beauty, for the greatest part of man's wisdom may be traced back to the eternal questions of beginnings and endings, the quest to give meaning to his existence, to life itself.
"An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax."
An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax.
An aphorism is never exactly true; it is either a half-truth or one-and-a-half truths.
An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean. He knows he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great restraint. As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment after embellishment occur to him. These get stored away to be used "next time." Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect, with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems, is ready to build a second system. This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs. When he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will confirm each other as to the general characteristics of such systems, and their differences will identify those parts of his experience that are particular and not generalizable. The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one. The result, as Ovid says, is a "big pile."
<_Anarchy_> acf: maybe April 1 next year slashdot needs to run "Rob Malda accepts new job as head of Debian project" 8)
<_Anarchy_> Argh.. who's handing out the paper bags 8)
Anarchy may not be a better form of government, but it's better than no government at all.
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.
A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.
Anathema didn't only believe in ley-lines, but in seals, whales, bicycles, rainforests, whole grain in loves, recycled paper, white South Africans out of South Africa, and Americans out of practically everywhere down to and including Long Island.
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
An attorney was defending his client against a charge of first-degree murder. "Your Honor, my client is accused of stuffing his lover's mutilated body into a suitcase and heading for the Mexican border. Just north of Tijuana a cop spotted her hand sticking out of the suitcase. Now, I would like to stress that my client is *not* a murderer. A sloppy packer, maybe..."
An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you really care to know.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
And 1.1.81 is officially BugFree(tm), so if you receive any bug-reports on it, you know they are just evil lies.
And all that the Lorax left here in this mess was a small pile of rocks with the one word, "unless." Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess. That was long, long ago, and each day since that day, I've worried and worried and worried away. Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart, I've worried about it with all of my heart. "BUT," says the Oncler, "now that you're here, the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear! UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better - it's not. So... CATCH!" cries the Oncler. He lets something fall. "It's a truffula seed. It's the last one of all! "You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds. And truffula trees are what everyone needs. Plant a new truffula -- treat it with care. Give it clean water and feed it fresh air. Grow a forest -- protect it from axes that hack. Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!"
And as we stand on the edge of darkness Let our chant fill the void That others may know In the land of the night The ship of the sun Is drawn by The grateful dead.
And before anyone complains about the grammar, I'm so jetlagged that my hands aren't even in the same time zone...
...and before I knew what I was doing, I had kicked the typewriter and threw it around the room and made it beg for mercy. At this point the typewriter pleaded for me to dress him in feminine attire but instead I pressed his margin release over and over again until the typewriter lost consciousness. Presently, I regained consciousness and realized with shame what I had done. My shame is gone and now I am looking for a submissive typewriter, any color, or model. No electric typewriters please!
And Bruce is effectively building BruceIX
And did those feet, in ancient times, Walk upon England's mountains green? And was the Holy Lamb of God In England's pleasant pastures seen? And did the Countenance Divine Shine forth upon these crowded hills? And was Jerusalem builded here Among these dark satanic mills? Bring me my bow of burning gold! Bring me my arrows of desire! Bring me my spears! O clouds unfold! Bring me my chariot of fire! I shall not cease from mental fight, Nor shall my sword rest in my hand, Till we have built Jerusalem In England's green and pleasant land.
And don't tell me there isn't one bit of difference between null and space, because that's exactly how much difference there is. :-)
And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve? The judgement of God upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of criminal at the bar of justice.
"And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?"
And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
... and furthermore ... I don't like your trousers.
And furthermore, my bowling average is unimpeachable!!!
And he climbed with the lad up the Eiffelberg Tower. "This," cried the Mayor, "is your town's darkest hour! The time for all Whos who have blood that is red to come to the aid of their country!" he said. "We've GOT to make noises in greater amounts! So, open your mouth, lad! For every voice counts!" Thus he spoke as he climbed. When they got to the top, the lad cleared his throat and he shouted out, "YOPP!" And that Yopp... That one last small, extra Yopp put it over! Finally, at last! From the speck on that clover their voices were heard! They rang out clear and clean. And they elephant smiled. "Do you see what I mean?" They've proved they ARE persons, no matter how small. And their whole world was saved by the smallest of All!" "How true! Yes, how true," said the big kangaroo. "And, from now on, you know what I'm planning to do? From now on, I'm going to protect them with you!" And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "ME TOO! From the sun in the summer. From rain when it's fall-ish, I'm going to protect them. No matter how small-ish!"
And here I wait so patiently Waiting to find out what price You have to pay to get out of Going thru all of these things twice
"And Howondaland Smith, Balrog Hunter, practic'ly eats the dark for his tea." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
"and i actually like debian 2.0 that much i completely revamped the default config of the linux systems our company sells and reinstalled any of the linux systems in the office and here at home.."
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
"And I don't like doing silly things (except on purpose)."
And if California slides into the ocean, Like the mystics and statistics say it will. I predict this motel will be standing, Until I've paid my bill.
And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee, "Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!
And if you wonder, What I am doing, As I am heading for the sink. I am spitting out all the bitterness, Along with half of my last drink.
And I heard Jeff exclaim, As they strolled out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all -- You take credit cards, right?"
And in the heartbreak years that lie ahead, Be true to yourself and the Grateful Dead.
And I suppose the little things are harder to get used to than the big ones. The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them. The little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about them, aren't braced against them.
And it came to pass that in time the Great God Om spake unto Brutha, the Chosen One: "Psst!"
: And it goes against the grain of building small tools. Innocent, Your Honor. Perl users build small tools all day long.
"And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions."
And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions.
"And it's my opinion, and that's only my opinion, you are a lunatic. Just because there are a few hundred other people sharing your lunacy with you does not make you any saner. Doomed, eh?"
And I will do all these good works, and I will do them for free! My only reward will be a tombstone that says "Here lies Gomez Addams -- he was good for nothing."
"And kids... learn something from Susie and Eddie. If you think there's a maniacal psycho-geek in the basement: 1) Don't give him a chance to hit you on the head with an axe! 2) Flee the premises... even if you're in your underwear. 3) Warn the neighbors and call the police. But whatever else you do... DON'T GO DOWN IN THE DAMN BASEMENT!"
And miles to go before I sleep.
...And no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers. No matter how assured we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions. This is true in religion as it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the naive. As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we might be advised to leave them to heaven. They will not, unfortunately, do us the same courtesy. They attack us and each other, and whatever their protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear that they are easily disposed to resort to the sword. My own belief in God, then, is just that -- a matter of belief, not knowledge. My respect for Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the most virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth. But even well-educated Christians are frustrated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure of Jesus because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record. Such ambiguity is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every recognized Bible scholar is perfectly aware of it. Some Christians, alas, resort to formal lying to obscure such reality. Conviction", edited by Philip Berman
And now for something completely different.
And now for something completely the same.
And now your toner's toney, Disk blocks aplenty And your paper near pure white, Await your laser drawn lines, The smudges on your soul are gone Your intricate fonts, And your output's clean as light.. Your pictures and signs. We've labored with your father, Your amputative absence The venerable XGP, Has made the Ten dumb, But his slow artistic hand, Without you, Dover, Lacks your clean velocity. We're system untounged- Theses and papers DRAW Plots and TEXage And code in a queue Have been biding their time, Dover, oh Dover, With LISP code and programs, We've been waiting for you. And this crufty rhyme. Dover, oh Dover, Dover, oh Dover, arisen from dead. We welcome you back, Dover, oh Dover, awoken from bed. Though still you may jam, Dover, oh Dover, welcome back to the Lab. You're on the right track. Dover, oh Dover, we've missed your clean hand...
"And, of course, you have the commercials where savvy businesspeople Get Ahead by using their MacIntosh computers to create the ultimate American business product: a really sharp-looking report."
And on the eighth day, we bulldozed it.
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
And other operators aren't so special syntactically, but weird in other ways, like "scalar", and "goto".
Andrea's Admonition: Never bestow profanity upon a driver who has wronged you. If you think his window is closed and he can't hear you, it isn't and he can.
Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes. Galileo: No, unhappy the land that needs heroes.
"And remember: Evil will always prevail, because Good is dumb."
"... And remember: if you don't like the news, go out and make some of your own."
...and report cards I was always afraid to show Mama'd come to school and as I'd sit there softly cryin' Teacher'd say he's just not tryin' Got a good head if he'd apply it but you know yourself it's always somewhere else I'd build me a castle with dragons and kings and I'd ride off with them As I stood by my window and looked out on those Brooklyn roads
Androphobia: Fear of men.
...and scantily clad females, of course. Who cares if it's below zero outside.
And so it was, later, As the miller told his tale, That her face, at first just ghostly, Turned a whiter shade of pale.
And that's the way it is...
And the child had a permanently runny nose and ought to be provided with a handkerchief or, failing that, a cork.
And the crowd was stilled. One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence, turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said. Wide-eyed, the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no clothes! He is naked!"
And the French medical anatomist Etienne Serres really did argue that black males are primitive because the distance between their navel and penis remains small (relative to body height) throughout life, while white children begin with a small separation but increase it during growth -- the rising belly button as a mark of progress.
"...and the fully armed nuclear warheads, are, of course, merely a courtesy detail."
And the next time you consider complaining that running Lucid Emacs 19.05 via NFS from a remote Linux machine in Paraguay doesn't seem to get the background colors right, you'll know who to thank.
And then there was the lawyer that stepped in cow manure and thought he was melting...
And then there were the frogs. Very, very small frogs. They had such a tiny life cycle it still had trainer wheels on it.
And then you bit onto them, and learned once again that Cut-me-own-Throat Dibbler could find a use for bits of an animal that the animal didn't know it had got. Dibbler had worked out that with enough fried onions and mustard people would eat *anything*. (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
And there was nothing finer than a wizard dressed up formally, until someone could find a way of inflating a Bird of Paradise, possibly by using an elastic band and some kind of gas.
And the silence came surging softly backwards When the plunging hooves were gone...
And the top story for today: wives live longer than husbands because they are not married to women.
And they mainly want to teach them not to question, not to imagine, but to be obedient and behave well so that they can hold them forever as children to their bosom as the second millennium lurches toward its panicky close.
And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, for if you hit a man with a plowshare, he's going to know he's been hit.
"And they told us, what they wanted... Was a sound that could kill some-one, from a distance." -- Kate Bush
And this had been the way things were for as far back as the frogs could remember [footnote: About three seconds. Frogs don't have good memories].
And this is a table ma'am. What in essence it consists of is a horizontal rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports, which we call legs. The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
And this is good old Boston, The home of the bean and the cod, Where the Lowells talk only to Cabots, And the Cabots talk only to God.
And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung that cometh out of man, in their sight...Then he [the Lord!] said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith. [Ezek. 4:12-15 (KJV)]
And tomorrow will be like today, only more so.
And truth be told I miss you. And truth be told I'm lying.
And we can always supply them with a program that makes identical files into links to a single file.
"And we heard him exclaim As he started to roam: `I'm a hologram, kids, please don't try this at home!'"
And we heard him exclaim As he started to roam: "I'm a hologram, kids, please don't try this at home!'"
And... What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane? She's lost her sparkle, you see she isn't the same. Livin' on reds, vitamin C, and cocaine All a friend can say is "Ain't it a shame?"
"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?" asked the father of his little son. "Diet."
And, while it was regarded as pretty good evidence of criminality to be living in a slum, for some reason owning a whole street of them merely got you invited to the very best social occasions.
And yet, seasons must be taken with a grain of salt, for they too have a sense of humor, as does history. Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks tragedy, and this too is historic. And yet, still, when corn meets tragedy face to face, we have politics. Ground Cover"
And you can't get any Watney's Red Barrel, because the bars close every time you're thirsty...
"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going and making yourself like everybody else. You feel that, don't you?" said he, earnestly.
/* And you'll never guess what the dog had */ /* in its mouth... */
An economist is a man who would marry Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.
An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
An education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease. It made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
An efficient and a successful administration manifests itself equally in small as in great matters.
An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet, in mid-air, on both sides of an issue.
A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey. "It is out on loan," the teacher replied. At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside the stable. "But I can hear it bray, over there." "Whom do you believe," asked Nasrudin, "me or a donkey?"
An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island. When several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a despondent silence. Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his usual pledge to the United Way Campaign. "We're running out of food and water and you ask *that*?" her husband barked. "If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but I've already paid them half of it." "You owe the U.W.C. a *quarter million*?" the woman exclaimed euphorically. "Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us! They'll find us!"
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
An empty cab drove up and Sarah Bernhardt got out. -Arthur Baer, American comic and columnist
An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician find themselves in an anecdote, indeed an anecdote quite similar to many that you have no doubt already heard. After some observations and rough calculations the engineer realizes the situation and starts laughing. A few minutes later the physicist understands too and chuckles to himself happily as he now has enough experimental evidence to publish a paper. This leaves the mathematician somewhat perplexed, as he had observed right away that he was the subject of an anecdote, and deduced quite rapidly the presence of humour from similar anecdotes, but considers this anecdote to be too trivial a corollary to be significant, let alone funny.
An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.
An English judge, growing weary of the barrister's long-winded summation, leaned over the bench and remarked, "I've heard your arguments, Sir Geoffrey, and I'm none the wiser!" Sir Geoffrey responded, "That may be, Milord, but at least you're better informed!"
An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
"An entire fraternity of strapping Wall-Street-bound youth. Hell - this is going to be a blood bath!"
An evil mind is a great comfort.
A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job. He kept favoring curry.
A new 'chutist had just jumped from the plane at 10,000 feet, and soon discovered that all his lines were hopelessly tangled. At about 5,000 feet, still struggling, he noticed someone coming up from the ground at about the same speed as he was going towards the ground. As they passed each other at 3,000 feet, the 'chutist yells, "HEY! DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT PARACHUTES?" The reply came, fading towards the end, "NO! DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT COLEMAN STOVES?"
*** A NEW KIND OF PROGRAMMING *** Do you want the instant respect that comes from being able to use technical terms that nobody understands? Do you want to strike fear and loathing into the hearts of DP managers everywhere? If so, then let the Famous Programmers' School lead you on... into the world of professional computer programming. They say a good programmer can write 20 lines of effective program per day. With our unique training course, we'll show you how to write 20 lines of code and lots more besides. Our training course covers every programming language in existence, and some that aren't. You'll learn why the on/off switch for a computer is so important, what the words *fatal error* mean, and who and what you should blame when you make a mistake. Yes, I want the brochure describing this incredible offer. I enclose $1000 is small unmarked bills to cover the cost of postage and handling. (No live poultry, please.) *** Our Slogan: Top down programming for the masses. ***
A new koan: If you have some ice cream, I will give it to you. If you have no ice cream, I will take it away from you. It is an ice cream koan.
A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure.
A new supply of round tuits has arrived and are available from Mary. Anyone who has been putting off work until they got a round tuit now has no excuse for further procrastination.
A New Way of Taking Pills A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a "prescription" which he thinks will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
A New York City judge ruled that if two women behind you at the movies insist on discussing the probable outcome of the film, you have the right to turn around and blow a Bronx cheer at them.
A New York City ordinance prohibits the shooting of rabbits from the rear of a Third Avenue street car -- if the car is in motion.
An excellence-oriented '80s male does not wear a regular watch. He wears a Rolex watch, because it weighs nearly six pounds and is advertised only in excellence-oriented publications such as Fortune and Rich Protestant Golfer Magazine. The advertisements are written in incomplete sentences, which is how advertising copywriters denote excellence: "The Rolex Hyperion. An elegant new standard in quality excellence and discriminating handcraftsmanship. For the individual who is truly able to discriminate with regard to excellent quality standards of crafting things by hand. Fabricated of 100 percent 24-karat gold. No watch parts or anything. Just a great big chunk on your wrist. Truly a timeless statement. For the individual who is very secure. Who doesn't need to be reminded all the time that he is very successful. Much more successful than the people who laughed at him in high school. Because of his acne. People who are probably nowhere near as successful as he is now. Maybe he'll go to his 20th reunion, and they'll see his Rolex Hyperion. Hahahahahahahahaha."
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite picturesque liar."
An expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
An eye for an eye will make the whole world blind.
An eye in a blue face Saw an eye in a green face. "That eye is like this eye" Said the first eye, "But in low place, Not in high place."
Angels we have heard on High Tell us to go out and Buy.
Anger is momentary madness.
Anger kills as surely as the other vices.
An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport. A manly man, to be a wizard able; Many a protected file he had sitting on his table. His console, when he typed, a man might hear Clicking and feeping wind as clear, Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell. The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor As old and strict he tended to ignore; He let go by the things of yesterday And took the modern world's more spacious way. He did not rate that text as a plucked hen Which says that Hackers are not holy men. And that a hacker underworked is a mere Fish out of water, flapping on the pier. That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister. That was a text he held not worth an oyster. And I agreed and said his views were sound; Was he to study till his head wend round Poring over books in the cloisters? Must he toil As Andy bade and till the very soil? Was he to leave the world upon the shelf? Let Andy have his labor to himself! [well, almost. Ed.]
"An honest god is the noblest work of man. ... God has always resembled his creators. He hated and loved what they hated and loved and he was invariably found on the side of those in power. ... Most of the gods were pleased with sacrifice, and the smell of innocent blood has ever been considered a divine perfume."
An honest politician is one who when he is bought will stay bought. There are honest journalists like there are honest politicians. When bought they stay bought.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
## a_nick (nobody@c213-89-87-111.cm-upc.chello.se) has joined #python <a_nick> how do i add a new key to a dictionary? <a_nick> nm <dash> heh :) <dash> behold the problem-solving power of #python.
An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God. Some of these eyes we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as possible.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
"An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup."
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen. Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be devoured.
An INK-LING? Sure -- TAKE one!! Did you BUY any COMMUNIST UNIFORMS??
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated by the corresponding row and column labels. Intelligence"
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
An Irishman is never at peace except when he's fighting.
An Italian is COMBING his hair in suburban DES MOINES!
Ankh-Morpork had dallied with many forms of government and had ended up with that form of democracy known as One Man, One Vote. The Patrician was the Man; he had the Vote. (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
ANN JILLIAN'S HAIR makes LONI ANDERSON'S HAIR look like RICARDO MONTALBAN'S HAIR!
An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's chance to kiss the tea-girl. It is the tea-girl's chance to kiss the Managing Director (however bizarre an ambition this may seem to anyone who has seen the Managing Director face on).
Anoint, v.: To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently slippery.
An older student came to Otis and said, "I have been to see a great number of teachers and I have given up a great number of pleasures. I have fasted, been celibate and stayed awake nights seeking enlightenment. I have given up everything I was asked to give up and I have suffered, but I have not been enlightened. What should I do?" Otis replied, "Give up suffering."
"An open mind has but one disadvantage: it collects dirt."
An optimist believes we live in the best world possible; a pessimist fears this is true.
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
"An organization dries up if you don't challenge it with growth."
Another Armenia, Belgium ... the weak innocents who always seem to be located on a natural invasion route.
Another day, another dollar. upon Hinckley's acquittal for shooting President Ronald Reagan.
Another dream that failed. There's nothing sadder.
Another goal is to establish a relationship "in which it is OK for everybody to do their best. There are an awful lot of people in management who really don't want subordinates to do their best, because it gets to be very threatening. But we have found that both internally and with outside designers if we are willing to have this kind of relationship and if we're willing to be vulnerable to what will come out of it, we get really good work." Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Another megabytes the dust.
Another possible source of guidance for teenagers is television, but television's message has always been that the need for truth, wisdom and world peace pales by comparison with the need for a toothpaste that offers whiter teeth *and* fresher breath.
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
Another war ... must it always be so? How many comrades have we lost in this way? ... Obedience. Duty. Death, and more death ...
... Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth. Most notably I have ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old. Well, I haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected it. There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between prejudice and postjudice. Prejudice is making a judgment before you have looked at the facts. Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards. Prejudice is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious mistakes. Postjudice is not terrible. You can't be perfect of course; you may make mistakes also. But it is permissible to make a judgment after you have examined the evidence. In some circles it is even encouraged.
...Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth. Most notably I have ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old. Well, I haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected it. There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between prejudice and postjudice. Prejudice is making a judgment before you have looked at the facts. Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards. Prejudice is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious mistakes. Postjudice is not terrible. You can't be perfect of course; you may make mistakes also. But it is permissible to make a judgment after you have examined the evidence. In some circles it is even encouraged. Vol. 12, pg. 46
An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.
An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
"An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge."
"An ounce of prevention is worth a ton of code."
A "No" uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a "Yes" merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
A novice asked the Master: "Here is a programmer that never designs, documents, or tests his programs. Yet all who know him consider him one of the best programmers in the world. Why is this?" The Master replies: "That programmer has mastered the Tao. He has gone beyond the need for design; he does not become angry when the system crashes, but accepts the universe without concern. He has gone beyond the need for documentation; he no longer cares if anyone else sees his code. He has gone beyond the need for testing; each of his programs are perfect within themselves, serene and elegant, their purpose self-evident. Truly, he has entered the mystery of the Tao."
A novice asked the master: "I have a program that sometimes runs and sometimes aborts. I have followed the rules of programming, yet I am totally baffled. What is the reason for this?" The master replied: "You are confused because you do not understand the Tao. Only a fool expects rational behavior from his fellow humans. Why do you expect it from a machine that humans have constructed? Computers simulate determinism; only the Tao is perfect. The rules of programming are transitory; only the Tao is eternal. Therefore you must contemplate the Tao before you receive enlightenment." "But how will I know when I have received enlightenment?" asked the novice. "Your program will then run correctly," replied the master.
A novice asked the master: "In the east there is a great tree-structure that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'. It is bloated out of shape with vice-presidents and accountants. It issues a multitude of memos, each saying 'Go, Hence!' or 'Go, Hither!' and nobody knows what is meant. Every year new names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail. How can such an unnatural entity exist?" The master replies: "You perceive this immense structure and are disturbed that it has no rational purpose. Can you not take amusement from its endless gyrations? Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming beneath its sheltering branches? Why are you bothered by its uselessness?"
A novice asked the master: "I perceive that one computer company is much larger than all others. It towers above its competition like a giant among dwarfs. Any one of its divisions could comprise an entire business. Why is this so?" The master replied, "Why do you ask such foolish questions? That company is large because it is so large. If it only made hardware, nobody would buy it. If it only maintained systems, people would treat it like a servant. But because it combines all of these things, people think it one of the gods! By not seeking to strive, it conquers without effort."
A novice of the temple once approached the Chief Priest with a question. "Master, does Emacs have the Buddha nature?" the novice asked. The Chief Priest had been in the temple for many years and could be relied upon to know these things. He thought for several minutes before replying. "I don't see why not. It's got bloody well everything else." With that, the Chief Priest went to lunch. The novice suddenly achieved enlightenment, several years later. Commentary: His Master is kind, Answering his FAQ quickly, With thought and sarcasm.
A novice programmer was once assigned to code a simple financial package. The novice worked furiously for many days, but when his master reviewed his program, he discovered that it contained a screen editor, a set of generalized graphics routines, and artificial intelligence interface, but not the slightest mention of anything financial. When the master asked about this, the novice became indignant. "Don't be so impatient," he said, "I'll put the financial stuff in eventually."
A novice was trying to fix a broken lisp machine by turning the power off and on. Knight, seeing what the student was doing spoke sternly, "You cannot fix a machine by just power-cycling it with no understanding of what is going wrong." Knight turned the machine off and on. The machine worked.
Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
Answers to Last Fortune's Questions: (1) None. (Moses didn't have an ark). (2) Your mother, by the pigeonhole principle. (3) I don't know. (4) Who cares? (5) 6 (or maybe 4, or else 3). Mr. Alfred J. Duncan of Podunk, Montana, submitted an interesting solution to Problem 5. (6) There is an interesting solution to this problem on page 1029 of my book, which you can pick up for $23.95 at finer bookstores and bathroom supply outlets (or 99 cents at the table in front of Papyrus Books).
Anthony's Law of Force: Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
Anthony's Law of the Workshop: Any tool when dropped, will roll into the least accessible corner of the workshop. Corollary: On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first strike your toes.
Anti-Sabbatical: A job taken with the sole intention of staying only for a limited period of time (often one year). The intention is usually to raise enough funds to partake in another, more meaningful activity such as watercolor sketching in Crete, or designing computer knit sweaters in Hong Kong. Employers are rarely informed of intentions. Culture"
Anti-trust laws should be approached with exactly that attitude.
Anti-Victim Device: A small fashion accessory worn on an otherwise conservative outfit which announces to the world that one still has a spark of individuality burning inside: 1940s retro ties and earrings (on men), feminist buttons, noserings (women), and the now almost completely extinct teeny weeny "rattail" haircut (both sexes). Culture"
Antonio Antonio Was tired of living alonio He thought he would woo Antonio Antonio Miss Lucamy Lu, Rode of on his polo ponio Miss Lucamy Lucy Molonio. And found the maid In a bowery shade, Sitting and knitting alonio. Antonio Antonio Said if you will be my ownio I'll love tou true Oh nonio Antonio And buy for you You're far too bleak and bonio An icery creamry conio. And all that I wish You singular fish Is that you will quickly begonio. Antonio Antonio Uttered a dismal moanio And went off and hid Or I'm told that he did In the Antartical Zonio.
Antonym, n.: The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
"[...] a number of offences of murder by means of a blunt instrument, to whit, a dragon, and many further offences of generalized abetting [...]"
A number of religions in Ankh-Morpork still practiced human sacrifice, except that they didn't really need to practice any more because they had got so good at it.
Anxious after the delay, Gruber doesn't waste any time getting the Koenig [a modified Porsche] up to speed, and almost immediately we are blowing off Alfas, Fiats, and Lancias full of excited Italians. These people love fast cars. But they love sport too and no passing encounter goes unchallenged. Nothing serious, just two wheels into your lane as you're bearing down on them at 130-plus -- to see if you're paying attention. cars across Europe.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years organising and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.
Anybody want a binary telemetry frame editor written in Perl?
Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is probably parked.
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
Any circuit design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Any coward can sit in his home and criticize a pilot for flying into a mountain in a fog. But I would rather, by far, die on a mountainside than in bed. What kind of man would live where there is no daring? And is life so dear that we should blame men for dying in adventure? Is there a better way to die?
Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a representation of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a representation of anything -- except a show to be ignored by anyone capable of sitting upright in a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.
"Any excuse will serve a tyrant."
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Any false value is gonna be fairly boring in Perl, mathematicians notwithstanding.
Any father who thinks he's all important should remind himself that this country honors fathers only one day a year while pickles get a whole week.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know how to lie well.
Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche -- a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea. For instance, my grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the fence." I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly true.
Any man can work when every stroke of his hand brings down the fruit rattling from the tree to the ground; but to labor in season and out of season, under every discouragement, by the power of truth -- that requires a heroism which is transcendent.
Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
"Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple his world. To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than against them is to attain literacy."
Any Member introducing or causing to be introduced a dog into the Society's premises shall be liable to a fine of £5 inflicted by the Treasurer. Any animal leading a blind person shall be deemed to be a cat. Any animal entering on Police business shall be deemed to be a wombat.
"Any news from the President on a successor?" he asked hopefully. "None," Anita replied. "She's having great difficulty finding someone qualified who is willing to accept the post." "Then I stay," said Dr. Fresh. "I'm not good for much, but I can at least make a decision." "Somewhere," he grumphed, "there must be a naive, opportunistic young welp with a masochistic streak who would like to run the most up-and-down bureaucracy in the history of mankind."
"Anyone attempting to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of course, living in a state of sin."
Anyone can become angry -- that is easy; but to be angry with the right person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose and in the right way -- that is not easy.
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing at the moment.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs. The trick is to make one with none.
"Anyone can say 'no'. It is the first word a child learns and often the first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of thought on every occasion."
Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not make messes in the house.
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?" is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time as the strawberries, knows nothing about grapes.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
Anyone who stands out in the middle of a road looks like roadkill to me.
Anyone who thinks UNIX is intuitive should be forced to write 5000 lines of code using nothing but vi or emacs. AAAAACK! (Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands, especially Emacs.)
Anyone who understands everything that comes out of fortune probably has a problem
Anyone who uses the phrase "easy as taking candy from a baby" has never tried taking candy from a baby.
Any philosophy that can be put "in a nutshell" belongs there.
> : Any porters out there should feel happier knowing that DEC is shipping > : me an AlphaPC that I intend to try getting linux running on: this will > : definitely help flush out some of the most flagrant unportable stuff. > : The Alpha is much more different from the i386 than the 68k stuff is, so > : it's likely to get most of the stuff fixed. > > It's posts like this that almost convince us non-believers that there > really is a god.
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
Any program which runs right is obsolete.
Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the License Agreement is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
... Any resemblance between the above views and those of my employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely coincidental. Any resemblance between the above and my own views is non-deterministic. The question of the existence of views in the absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader. The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for the second god coefficient. (A discussion of non-orthogonal, non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.)
Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere. Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain. From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to exactly the point of most pressure.
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Anything anybody can say about America is true.
"Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator." "Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist."
Anything cut to length will be too short.
"Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr. Holmes ?" "The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime." "But the dog did nothing in the nighttime." "That was the curious incident."
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
Anything is possible on paper.
Anything is possible, unless it's not.
Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't. The label means the price went up. The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW" means the price went way up.
Anything less than the best is a felony.
Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently. Things hitherto undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Any town built by filling a mud hole with sawdust and proudly having a slug as a sort of civic totem is a town, one feels, where Rincewind would feel right at home. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around -- nobody big, I mean -- except me. And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff -- I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I'd do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye. I know it; I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be. I know it's crazy.
Anyway, my money is still on use strict vars . . .
Anyway, there's plenty of room for doubt. It might seem easy enough, but computer language design is just like a stroll in the park. Jurassic Park, that is.
Any wizard bright enough to survive for five minutes was also bright enough to realise that if there was any power in demonology, then it lay with the demons. Using it for your own purposes would be like trying to beat mice to death with a rattlesnake. (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
A pain in the ass of major dimensions.
A Parable of Modern Research: Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one brightly lit corner. "Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!" "I can only see here."
A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
Apart from the fact that I congratulate you for writing bugless software without peer review, I also congratulate you for being able to write a fully RFC compliant MLM that won't blow up when you receive input you didn't account for. Quite frankly, even a crappy sysadmin can get a reasonable mailman setup working (including nice archiving), quicker than the best coder can rewrite a full MLM from scratch. And you still have time left over to modify/fix/improve mailman to do the few things it didn't do quite right for you. But if your attitude to coding is "I'd rather rewrite all this than soiling my eyes and hands looking at someone else's code", that's not a very good way to get hired anywhere as a coder, and even if you are super brilliant, you end up being a DJB that people snicker at with "that guy thinks he's so bright that he had to write his own libc" (instead of fixing/wrapping the few problematic pieces of them, and in the case of reasonable maintainers, contributing the code back).
Apathy Club meeting this Friday. If you want to come, you're not invited.
"Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution"
A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
A pencil with no point needs no eraser.
"A penny for your thoughts?" "A dollar for your death."
A penny saved has not been spent.
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
A penny saved is a penny to squander.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A penny saved kills your career in government.
A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to govern. It demands no social reforms. It does not haggle over expenditures on armaments and military equipment. It pays without discussion, it ruins itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.
A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something. A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.
A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
A person with one watch knows what time it is; a person with two watches is never sure. Proverb
A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
Aphasia: Loss of speech in social scientists when asked at parties, "But of what use is your research?"
<aph> manoj is going nuts on the bug fixing crusade! woo woo! <Knghtbrd> manoj went nuts long time ago. but the bug fixing is cool =>
aphorism, n.: A concise, clever statement. afterism, n.: A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late.
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard. One of the men gets out and goes into the office. "I need some four-by-two's," he says. "You must mean two-by-four's" replies the clerk. The man scratches his head. "Wait a minute," he says, "I'll go check." Back, after an animated conversation with the other occupants of the truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be acceptable. "OK," says the clerk, writing it down, "how long you want 'em?" The guy gets the blank look again. "Uh... I guess I better go check," he says. He goes back out to the truck, and there's another animated conversation. The guy comes back into the office. "A long time," he says, "we're building a house".
A pig is a jolly companion, Boar, sow, barrow, or gilt -- A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale, Though mountains may topple and tilt. When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you, When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig, Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover, You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig, You'll never go wrong with a pig!
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
A place for everything and everything in its place. [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to memory management system services.]
A Plan for the Improvement of English Spelling misattributed to Mark Twain For example, in Year 1 that useless letter "c" would be dropped to be replased either by "k" or "s", and likewise "x" would no longer be part of the alphabet. The only kase in which "c" would be retained would be the "ch" formation, which will be dealt with later. Year 2 might reform "w" spelling, so that "which" and "one" would take the same konsonant, wile Year 3 might well abolish "y" replasing it with "i" and Iear 4 might fiks the "g/j" anomali wonse and for all. Jenerally, then, the improvement would kontinue iear bai iear with Iear 5 doing awai with useless double konsonants, and Iears 6-12 or so modifaiing vowlz and the rimeining voist and unvoist konsonants. Bai Iear 15 or sou, it wud fainali bi posibl tu meik ius ov thi ridandant letez "c", "y" and "x" -- bai now jast a memori in the maindz ov ould doderez -- tu riplais "ch", "sh", and "th" rispektivli. Fainali, xen, aafte sam 20 iers ov orxogrefkl riform, wi wud hev a lojikl, kohirnt speling in ius xrewawt xe Ingliy-spiking werld.
A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
A plethora of individuals with expertise in culinary techniques contaminate the potable concoction produced by steeping certain edible nutriments.
APL hackers do it in the quad.
APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection. It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums.
APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming; ...and is best for educational purposes.
APL is a write-only language. I can write programs in APL, but I can't read any of them.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
A political man can have as his aim the realization of freedom, but he has no means to realize it other than through violence.
Apology is Policy
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
A possum must be himself, and being himself he is honest.
A pound of salt will not sweeten a single cup of tea.
"A power so great, it can only be used for Good or Evil!"
Appearances often are deceiving.
Appendix: A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.
Applause, n: The echo of a platitude from the mouth of a fool.
<Apple_IIe> anyone seen my 80 column card?
Apples have meant trouble since eden.
Apply only to affected area.
Approaching the gates of the monastery, Hakuin found Ken the Zen preaching to a group of disciples. "Words..." Ken orated, "they are but an illusory veil obfuscating the absolute reality of --" "Ken!" Hakuin interrupted. "Your fly is down!" Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon Ken, and he vaporized. On the way to town, Hakuin was greeted by an itinerant monk imbued with the spirit of the morning. "Ah," the monk sighed, a beatific smile wrinkling across his cheeks, "Thou art That..." "Ah," Hakuin replied, pointing excitedly, "And Thou art Fat!" Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the monk, and he vaporized. Next, the Governor sought the advice of Hakuin, crying: "As our enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?" "US?" snapped Hakuin. Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the Governor, and he vaporized. Then, a redneck went up to Hakuin and vaporized the old Master with his shotgun. "Ha! Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!"
Approved for veterans.
A "practical joker" deserves applause for his wit according to its quality. Bastinado is about right. For exceptional wit one might grant keelhauling. But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest.
A prediction is worth twenty explanations.
A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature... please send me your last pair of shoes, already worn out in dancing... so I can have something of yours to press against my heart.
A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil. Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."
A priest asked: What is Fate, Master? And the Master answered: It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence. It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs. It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City to City upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns have come to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness. And that is Fate? said the priest. Fate... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master. That's all right, said the priest. I wanted to know what Freight was too.
A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
April 1 This is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other three hundred and sixty-four.
April is the cruellest month...
A princess should not be afraid -- not with a brave knight to protect her.
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.
A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A programmer from a very large computer company went to a software conference and then returned to report to his manager, saying: "What sort of programmers work for other companies? They behaved badly and were unconcerned with appearances. Their hair was long and unkempt and their clothes were wrinkled and old. They crashed out hospitality suites and they made rude noises during my presentation." The manager said: "I should have never sent you to the conference. Those programmers live beyond the physical world. They consider life absurd, an accidental coincidence. They come and go without knowing limitations. Without a care, they live only for their programs. Why should they bother with social conventions?" "They are alive within the Tao."
A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
A programmer is walking along a beach and finds a lamp. He rubs the lamp, and a genie appears. "I am the most powerful genie in the world. I can grant you any wish, but only one wish." The programmer pulls out a map, points to it and says, "I'd want peace in the Middle East." The genie responds, "Gee, I don't know. Those people have been fighting for millenia. I can do just about anything, but this is likely beyond my limits." The programmer then says, "Well, I am a programmer, and my programs have lots of users. Please make all my users satisfied with my software and let them ask for sensible changes." At which point the genie responds, "Um, let me see that map again."
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.
A program should be light and agile, its subroutines connected like a strings of pearls. The spirit and intent of the program should be retained throughout. There should be neither too little nor too much, neither needless loops nor useless variables, neither lack of structure nor overwhelming rigidity. A program should follow the 'Law of Least Astonishment'. What is this law? It is simply that the program should always respond to the user in the way that astonishes him least. A program, no matter how complex, should act as a single unit. The program should be directed by the logic within rather than by outward appearances. If the program fails in these requirements, it will be in a state of disorder and confusion. The only way to correct this is to rewrite the program.
A prohibitionist is the sort of man one wouldn't care to drink with
A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders. The lions charged, killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting could not be seen. A little while later the two kings of the jungle emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."
----==-- _ / / \ ---==---(_)__ __ ____ __ / / /\ \ --==---/ / _ \/ // /\ \/ / / /_/\ \ \ -=====/_/_//_/\_,_/ /_/\_\ /______\ \ \ A proud member of TeamLinux \_________\/
AP/STT. Helsinki, Dec 5th, 6:22 AM. For immediate release. In order to allay fears about the continuity of the Linux project, Linus Torvalds together with his manager Tove Monni have released "Linus v2.0", affectionately known as "Kernel Hacker - The Next Generation". Linux stock prices on Wall Street rose sharply after the announcement; as one well-known analyst who wishes to remain anonymous says - "It shows a long-term commitment, and while we expect a short-term decrease in productivity, we feel that this solidifies the development in the long run". Other analysts downplay the importance of the event, and claim that just about anybody could have done it. "I'm glad somebody finally told them about the birds and the bees" one sceptic comments cryptically. But even the skeptics agree that it is an interesting turn of events. Others bring up other issues with the new version - "I'm especially intrigued by the fact that the new version is female, and look forward to seeing what the impact of that will be on future development. Will "Red Hat Linux" change to "Pink Hat Linux", for example?"
<apt> it has been said that redhat is the thing Marc Ewing wears on his head.
A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which was intended for her preservation.
A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as "you could blow it in" may be blown in. This rule does not apply if the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants to make a travesty of the game.
aquadextrous, adj.: Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub faucet on and off with your toes.
A quarrel is quickly settled when deserted by one party; there is no battle unless there be two. -- Seneca
Aquavit is also considered useful for medicinal purposes, an essential ingredient in what I was once told is the Norwegian cure for the common cold. You get a bottle, a poster bed, and the brightest colored stocking cap you can find. You put the cap on the post at the foot of the bed, then get into bed and drink aquavit until you can't see the cap. I've never tried this, but it sounds as though it should work.
"A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today. The results blacked out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon."
arachnoleptic fit, n.: The frantic dance performed just after you've accidentally walked through a spider web.
"A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives."
A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter carrying a shotgun and a dead loon. "What in the world do you think you're doing? Don't you know that the loon is on the endagered species list?" Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag, which contained twelve more loons. "Why would you shoot loons?", the ranger asked. "Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage." "What's so special about a loon? What does it taste like?" "Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan."
Arbitrary systems, pl.n.: Systems about which nothing general can be said, save "nothing general can be said."
Architectural Indigestion: The almost obsessive need to live in a "cool" architectural environment. Frequently related objects of fetish include framed black-and-white art photography (Diane Arbus a favorite); simplistic pine furniture; matte black high-tech items such as TVs, stereos, and telephones; low-wattage ambient lighting; a lamp, chair, or table that alludes to the 1950s; cut flowers with complex names. Culture"
A reader reports that when the patient died, the attending doctor recorded the following on the patient's chart: "Patient failed to fulfill his wellness potential." Another doctor reports that in a recent issue of the *American Journal of Family Practice* fleas were called "hematophagous arthropod vectors." A reader reports that the Army calls them "vertically deployed anti- personnel devices." You probably call them bombs. At McClellan Air Force base in Sacramento, California, civilian mechanics were placed on "non-duty, non-pay status." That is, they were fired. After taking the trip of a lifetime, our reader sent his twelve rolls of film to Kodak for developing (or "processing," as Kodak likes to call it) only to receive the following notice: "We must report that during the handling of your twelve 35mm Kodachrome slide orders, the films were involved in an unusual laboratory experience." The use of the passive is a particularly nice touch, don't you think? Nobody did anything to the films; they just had a bad experience. Of course our reader can always go back to Tibet and take his pictures all over again, using the twelve replacement rolls Kodak so generously sent him.
A real diplomat is one who can cut his neighbor's throat without having his neighbour notice it.
A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away. A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and the real reason.
A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer scientists. Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.
Are Linux users lemmings collectively jumping off of the cliff of reliable, well-engineered commercial software?
Aren't you glad you're not getting all the government you pay for now?
Are there those in the land of the brave Who can tell me how I should behave When I am disgraced Because I erased A file I intended to save?
Are the STEWED PRUNES still in the HAIR DRYER?
"Are those cocktail-waitress fingernail marks?" I asked Colletti as he showed us these scratches on his chest. "No, those are on my back," Colletti answered. "This is where a case of cocktail shrimp fell on me. I told her to slow down a little, but you know cocktail waitresses, they seem to have a mind of their own." National Lampoon, October 1982
A reverend wanted to telephone another reverend. He told the operator, "This is a parson to parson call."
Are we live or on tape?
Are we not men?
Are we on STRIKE yet?
Are we running light with overbyte?
Are we THERE yet?
Are we THERE yet? My MIND is a SUBMARINE!!
"Are we to understand," asked the judge, "that you hold your own interests above the interests of the public?" "I hold that such a question can never arise except in a society of cannibals."
Are you a parent? Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to say in those awkward situations? Worry no more... Are you sure you're telling the truth? Think hard. Does it make you happy to know you're sending me to an early grave? If all your friends jumped off the cliff, would you jump too? Do you feel bad? How do you think I feel? Aren't you ashamed of yourself? Don't you know any better? How could you be so stupid? If that's the worst pain you'll ever feel, you should be thankful. You can't fool me. I know what you're thinking. If you can't say anything nice, say nothing at all.
Are you a parent? Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to say in those awkward situations? Worry no more... Do as I say, not as I do. Do me a favour and don't tell me about it. I don't want to know. What did you do *this* time? If it didn't taste bad, it wouldn't be good for you. When I was your age... I won't love you if you keep doing that. Think of all the starving children in India. If there's one thing I hate, it's a liar. I'm going to kill you. Way to go, clumsy. If you don't like it, you can lump it.
Are you a parent? Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to say in those awkward situations? Worry no more... Go away. You bother me. Why? Because life is unfair. That's a nice drawing. What is it? Children should be seen and not heard. You'll be the death of me. You'll understand when you're older. Because. Wipe that smile off your face. I don't believe you. How many times have I told you to be careful? Just because.
Are you a parent? Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to say in those awkward situations? Worry no more... Good children always obey. Quit acting so childish. Boys don't cry. If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way. Why do you have to know so much? This hurts me more than it hurts you. Why? Because I'm bigger than you. Well, you've ruined everything. Now are you happy? Oh, grow up. I'm only doing this because I love you.
Are you a parent? Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to say in those awkward situations? Worry no more... When are you going to grow up? I'm only doing this for your own good. Why are you crying? Stop crying, or I'll give you something to cry about. What's wrong with you? Someday you'll thank me for this. You'd lose your head if it weren't attached. Don't you have any sense at all? If you keep sucking your thumb, it'll fall off. Why? Because I said so. I hope you have a kid just like yourself.
Are you a parent? Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to say in those awkward situations? Worry no more... You wouldn't understand. You ask too many questions. In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders. That's for me to know and you to find out. Don't let those bullies push you around. Go in there and stick up for yourself. You're acting too big for your britches. Well, you broke it. Now are you satisfied? Wait till your father gets home. Bored? If you're bored, I've got some chores for you. Shape up or ship out.
"Are you a philosopher? Where's your sponge?"
"Are you a physicist?" "Me? I don't know anything about science!" "Marvellous! Ideal qualification!"
Are you a turtle?
Are you ever going to do the dishes? Or will you change your major to biology?
Are you having fun yet?
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Are you mentally here at Pizza Hut??
Are you perchance running on a 64-bit machine?
"Are you police officers?" "No, ma'am. We're musicians."
Are your glasses mended with a strip of masking tape right over your nose? Do you put pennies in the slots in your penny loafers? Does your bow-tie flash "hey you kid" in red neon at parties? Do you think pizza before noon is unhealthy? Do you use the "greasy kid's stuff" to stick down your cowlick? Do you wear a "nerd-pack" in your shirt pocket to keep the dozen or so pencils from marking the cloth? Do you think Mary Jane is somebody's name? Is illegal fishing something only a daring criminal would do? Is Batman your hero? Superman? Green Lantern? The Shadow? Do you think girls who kiss on the first date are loose? Rate yourself on the nerd-o-matic scale. (1 point for each YES answer) 0-2 -- You are really hip, a real cool cat, a hoopy frood. 3-5 -- There is hope for you yet. 6-7 -- Uh-oh, trouble in River City. 8-10 -- Your immortal soul is in peril. 11+ -- Does suicide seem attractive?
Are you saying that this linux can run on a computer without windows underneath it, at all ? As in, without a boot disk, without any drivers, and without any services ? That sounds preposterous to me. If it were true (and I doubt it), then companies would be selling computers without a windows. This clearly is not happening, so there must be some error in your calculations. I hope you realise that windows is more than just Office ? Its a whole system that runs the computer from start to finish, and that is a very difficult thing to acheive. A lot of people dont realise this. Microsoft just spent $9 billion and many years to create Vista, so it does not sound reasonable that some new alternative could just snap into existence overnight like that. It would take billions of dollars and a massive effort to achieve. IBM tried, and spent a huge amount of money developing OS/2 but could never keep up with Windows. Apple tried to create their own system for years, but finally gave up recently and moved to Intel and Microsoft. Its just not possible that a freeware like the Linux could be extended to the point where it runs the entire computer fron start to finish, without using some of the more critical parts of windows. Not possible. I think you need to re-examine your assumptions.
Are you selling NYLON OIL WELLS?? If so, we can use TWO DOZEN!!
Are you still an ALCOHOLIC?
Are you sure the back door is locked?
"Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?" No, Ma'am. Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat."
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
"Arguments with furniture are rarely productive."
A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
Arithmetic: An obscure art no longer practiced in the world's developed countries.
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
A Riverside, California, health ordinance states that two persons may not kiss each other without first wiping their lips with carbolized rosewater.
Armadillo: To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.
Armanism: After Giorgio Armani; an obsession with mimicking the seamless and (more importantly) *controlled* ethos of Italian couture. Like Japanese Minimalism, Armanism reflects a profound inner need for control. Culture"
Armenians and Azerbaijanis in Stepanakert, capital of the Nagorno-Karabakh autonomous region, rioted over much needed spelling reform in the Soviet Union.
Armies Armies are tools of violence; They cause men to hate and fear. The sage will not join them. His purpose is creation; Their purpose is destruction. Weapons are tools of violence, Not of the sage; He uses them only when there is no choice, And then calmly, and with tact, For he finds no beauty in them. Whoever finds beauty in weapons Delights in the slaughter of men; And who delights in slaughter Cannot content himself with peace. So slaughters must be mourned And conquest celebrated with a funeral.
Armor's Axiom: Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.
Armstrong's Collection Law: If the check is truly in the mail, it is surely made out to someone else.
Arnold's Addendum: Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.
Arnold's Laws of Documentation: (1) If it should exist, it doesn't. (2) If it does exist, it's out of date. (3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the first two laws.
A robin redbreast in a cage Puts all Heaven in a rage.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for granite.
A rolling disk gathers no MOS.
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A rope lying over the top of a fence is the same length on each side. It weighs one third of a pound per foot. On one end hangs a monkey holding a banana, and on the other end a weight equal to the weight of the monkey. The banana weighs two ounces per inch. The rope is as long (in feet) as the age of the monkey (in years), and the weight of the monkey (in ounces) is the same as the age of the monkey's mother. The combined age of the monkey and its mother is thirty years. One half of the weight of the monkey, plus the weight of the banana, is one forth as much as the weight of the weight and the weight of the rope. The monkey's mother is half as old as the monkey will be when it is three times as old as its mother was when she she was half as old as the monkey will be when when it is as old as its mother will be when she is four times as old as the monkey was when it was twice as its mother was when she was one third as old as the monkey was when it was old as is mother was when she was three times as old as the monkey was when it was one fourth as old as it is now. How long is the banana?
A rose is a rose is a rose. Just ask Jean Marsh, known to millions of PBS viewers in the '70s as Rose, the maid on the LWT export "Upstairs, Downstairs." Though Marsh has since gone on to other projects, ... it's with Rose she's forever identified. So much so that she even likes to joke about having one named after her, a distinction not without its drawbacks. "I was very flattered when I heard about it, but when I looked up the official description, it said, `Jean Marsh: pale peach, not very good in beds; better up against a wall.' I want to tell you that's not true. I'm very good in beds as well."
Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress. Some cathedrals took a century to complete. Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote a satirical zoological-fantasy called "Le Carnaval des Animaux." Aside from one movement of this piece, "The Swan", Saint-Saens didn't allow this work to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death. (He died in 1921.) Most of us know the "Swan" movement rather well, with its smooth, flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this fantasy... What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung? And, further, what if he had accompanied this song with a musical saw? (This instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!) Then the piece would be better known as: SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG "SWAN"!
Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
Arthur's Laws of Love: (1) People to whom you are attracted invariably think you remind them of someone else. (2) The love letter you finally got the courage to send will be delayed in the mail long enough for you to make a fool of yourself in person.
Article the Third: Where a crime of the kidneys has been committed, the accused should enjoy the right to a speedy diaper change. Public announcements and guided tours of the aforementioned are not necessary. Article the Fourth: The decision to eat strained lamb or not should be with the "feedee" and not the "feeder". Blowing the strained lamb into the feeder's face should be accepted as an opinion, not as a declaration of war. Article the Fifth: Babies should enjoy the freedom to vocalize, whether it be in church, a public meeting place, during a movie, or after hours when the lights are out. They have not yet learned that joy and laughter have to last a lifetime and must be conserved.
Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as artificial flowers have to flowers.
Art is a jealous mistress.
Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
Art is anything you can get away with.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Art is Nature speeded up and God slowed down.
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
Artistic ventures highlighted. Rob a museum.
"Art thou a witch, *viva espana*?" (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
A sad spectacle. If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly. If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
As a general rule of thumb, never trust anybody who's been in therapy for more than 15 percent of their life span. The words "I am sorry" and "I am wrong" will have totally disappeared from their vocabulary. They will stab you, shoot you, break things in your apartment, say horrible things to your friends and family, and then justify this abhorrent behavior by saying: "Sure, I put your dog in the microwave. But I feel *better* for doing it."
As a goatherd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote.
A salamander scurries into flame to be destroyed. Imaginary creatures are trapped in birth on celluloid. I don't know what it's about. I'm just the drummer. Ask Peter. the previous year's Genesis release, "The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway".
"As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist. This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls."
<asarch> Is there any web application framework for Perl? Something ala Ruby on Rails <integral> asarch: Jifty and Catalyst and lots more! <archon-> asarch: catalyst <integral> for example CGI::Application. <Yaakov> asarch: Perl on Pontoons. <integral> Jifty is closer to Rails than Catalyst is <integral> Catalyst is like Lego, Jifty is like that not-Lego stuff that sucks :-) <asarch> Thanks Yaakov <asarch> Let me see… <Yaakov> I WAS LYING <Yaakov> THERE ARE NO PONTOONS <integral> Why can't you just use Rails? Too slow? Too crap? <asarch> lol :-D <Yaakov> Ruby on Rails will always seem like Ruby on Crack to me, thanks to that promotional video… <integral> Haskell on Highways <Yaakov> Logo on Logs <Yaakov> PHP on PCP <integral> BCPL on Boats <integral> They should bring back BCPL <Yaakov> JCL on Jets <anno-> cobol on cobbles <Yaakov> Algol on Airplanes <Yaakov> Snobol on Snowmobiles <Yaakov> Ada on Armored Transports
As castles went, this one looked as though it could be taken by a small squad of not very efficient soldiers. For defence, putting a blanket over your head might be marginally safer.
A Scholar asked his Master, "Master, would you advise me of a proper vocation?" The Master replied, "Some men can earn their keep with the power of their minds. Others must use their strong backs, legs and hands. This is the same in nature as it is with man. Some animals acquire their food easily, such as rabbits, hogs and goats. Other animals must fiercely struggle for their sustenance, like beavers, moles and ants. So you see, the nature of the vocation must fit the individual. "But I have no abilities, desires, or imagination, Master," the scholar sobbed. Queried the Master... "Have you thought of becoming a salesperson?"
A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.
ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.
ASCII: The control code for all beginning programmers and those who would become computer literate. Etymologically, the term has come down as a contraction of the often-repeated phrase "ascii and you shall receive."
As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from the vexation of thinking.
A secure family is a nation's strength.
A selection from the Taoist Writings: "Lao-Tan asked Confucius: `What do you mean by benevolence and righteousness?' Confucius said: `To be in one's inmost heart in kindly sympathy with all things; to love all men and allow no selfish thoughts: this is the nature of benevolence and righteousness.'"
A sense of desolation and uncertainty, of futility, of the baselessness of aspirations, of the vanity of endeavor, and a thirst for a life giving water which seems suddenly to have failed, are the signs in consciousness of this necessary reorganization of our lives. It is difficult to believe that this state of mind can be produced by the recognition of such facts as that unsupported stones always fall to the ground.
A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are worth committing.
A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
A serious and good philosophical work could be written that would consist entirely of jokes.
A serious public debate about the validity of astrology? A serious believer in the White House? Two of them? Give me a break. What stifled my laughter is that the image fits. Reagan has always exhibited a fey indifference toward science. Facts, like numbers, roll off his back. And we've all come to accept it. This time it was stargazing that became a serious issue....Not that long ago, it was Reagan's support of Creationism....Creationists actually got equal time with evolutionists. The public was supposed to be open-minded to the claims of paleontologists and fundamentalists, as if the two were scientific colleagues....It has been clear for a long time that the president is averse to science...In general, these attitudes fall onto friendly American turf....But at the outer edges, this skepticism about science easily turns into a kind of naive acceptance of nonscience, or even nonsense. The same people who doubt experts can also believe any quackery, from the benefits of laetrile to eye of newt to the movement of planets. We lose the capacity to make rational -- scientific -- judgments. It's all the same. Group
A Severe Strain on the Credulity As a method of sending a missile to the higher, and even to the highest parts of the earth's atmospheric envelope, Professor Goddard's rocket is a practicable and therefore promising device. It is when one considers the multiple-charge rocket as a traveler to the moon that one begins to doubt... for after the rocket quits our air and really starts on its journey, its flight would be neither accelerated nor maintained by the explosion of the charges it then might have left. Professor Goddard, with his "chair" in Clark College and countenancing of the Smithsonian Institution, does not know the relation of action to re-action, and of the need to have something better than a vacuum against which to react... Of course he only seems to lack the knowledge ladled out daily in high schools.
As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp the meaning of existence. Both make one feel like a baby clutching at a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
As famous as the unknown soldier.
As far as I'm aware I'm not specifically banned anywhere in the USA, and am rather depressed about it. Surely some of you guys can do *something?*
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
As for the basic assumptions about individuality and self, this is the core of what I like about cyberpunk. And it's the core of what I like about certain pre-gibson neophile techie SF writers that certain folks here like to put down. Not everyone makes the same assumptions. I haven't lost my mind... it's backed up on tape.
As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em, We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
As Gen. de Gaulle occasionally acknowledges America to be the daughter of Europe, so I am pleased to come to Yale, the daughter of Harvard.
A shapely CATHOLIC SCHOOLGIRL is FIDGETING inside my costume..
A sheet of paper crossed my desk the other day and as I read it, realization of a basic truth came over me. So simple! So obvious we couldn't see it. John Knivlen, Chairman of Polamar Repeater Club, an amateur radio group, had discovered how IC circuits work. He says that smoke is the thing that makes ICs work because every time you let the smoke out of an IC circuit, it stops working. He claims to have verified this with thorough testing. I was flabbergasted! Of course! Smoke makes all things electrical work. Remember the last time smoke escaped from your Lucas voltage regulator Didn't it quit working? I sat and smiled like an idiot as more of the truth dawned. It's the wiring harness that carries the smoke from one device to another in your Mini, MG or Jag. And when the harness springs a leak, it lets the smoke out of everything at once, and then nothing works. The starter motor requires large quantities of smoke to operate properly, and that's why the wire going to it is so large. Feeling very smug, I continued to expand my hypothesis. Why are Lucas electronics more likely to leak than say Bosch? Hmmm... Aha!!! Lucas is British, and all things British leak! British convertible tops leak water, British engines leak oil, British displacer units leak hydrostatic fluid, and I might add Brititsh tires leak air, and the British defense unit leaks secrets... so naturally British electronics leak smoke. [Ummm ... IC circuits? Integrated circuit circuits?]
As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought the potato salad.
ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.
A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to Madonna, a young puppy. It hitched its waggin' to a star.
As I argued in "Beloved Son", a book about my son Brian and the subject of religious communes and cults, one result of proper early instruction in the methods of rational thought will be to make sudden mindless conversions -- to anything -- less likely. Brian now realizes this and has, after eleven years, left the sect he was associated with. The problem is that once the untrained mind has made a formal commitment to a religious philosophy -- and it does not matter whether that philosophy is generally reasonable and high-minded or utterly bizarre and irrational -- the powers of reason are surprisingly ineffective in changing the believer's mind. Conviction", edited by Philip Berman
As I currently don't have a floppy drive in my computer, I'd like to make an `emergency cdrom' ;)
A simulacrum of reason has beaten reason. 'How to Prevent Civilizational Collapse | Samo Burja | Win-Win Podcast' '[Win-Win with Liv Boeree #24]' https://youtu.be/A3Zd2K0BJoI?feature=shared
As in certain cults it is possible to kill a process if you know its true name.
A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
A single flow'r he sent me, since we met. All tenderly his messenger he chose; Deep-hearted, pure, with scented dew still wet-- One perfect rose. I knew the language of the floweret; "My fragile leaves," it said, "his heart enclose." Love long has taken for his amulet One perfect rose. Why is it no one ever sent me yet One perfect limousine, do you suppose? Ah no, it's always just my luck to get One perfect rose.
A sinking ship gathers no moss.
As in Protestant Europe, by contrast, where sects divided endlessly into smaller competing sects and no church dominated any other, all is different in the fragmented world of IBM. That realm is now a chaos of conflicting norms and standards that not even IBM can hope to control. You can buy a computer that works like an IBM machine but contains nothing made or sold by IBM itself. Renegades from IBM constantly set up rival firms and establish standards of their own. When IBM recently abandoned some of its original standards and decreed new ones, many of its rivals declared a puritan allegiance to IBM's original faith, and denounced the company as a divisive innovator. Still, the IBM world is united by its distrust of icons and imagery. IBM's screens are designed for language, not pictures. Graven images may be tolerated by the luxurious cults, but the true IBM faith relies on the austerity of the word.
As it turns out, compiling a C program [= Vim] from more than 20 years ago is actually a lot easier than getting a Rails app from last year to work.
As I was going up Punch Card Hill, Feeling worse and worser, There I met a C.R.T. And it drop't me a cursor. C.R.T., C.R.T., Phosphors light on you! If I had fifty hours a day I'd spend them all at you.
As I was passing Project MAC, I met a Quux with seven hacks. Every hack had seven bugs; Every bug had seven manifestations; Every manifestation had seven symptoms. Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks, How many losses at Project MAC?
"As I was walking among the fires of Hell, delighted with the enjoyments of Genius; which to Angels look like torment and insanity. I collected some of their Proverbs..." - Blake, "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell"
As I was walking down the street one dark and dreary day, I came upon a billboard and much to my dismay, The words were torn and tattered, From the storm the night before, The wind and rain had done its work and this is how it goes, Smoke Coca-Cola cigarettes, chew Wrigleys Spearmint beer, Ken-L-Ration dog food makes your complexion clear, Simonize your baby in a Hershey candy bar, And Texaco's a beauty cream that's used by every star. Take your next vacation in a brand new Frigedaire, Learn to play the piano in your winter underwear, Doctors say that babies should smoke until they're three, And people over sixty-five should bathe in Lipton tea.
Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if one went to Harvard).
Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
Asking someone to repeat a phrase you'd not only heard very clearly but were also exceedingly angry about was around Defcon II in the lexicon of squabble.
Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you will pay only the station-to-station rate.
Ask not for whom the <CONTROL-G> tolls.
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls... if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.
"Ask not what A Group of Employees can do for you. But ask what can All Employees do for A Group of Employees."
Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
<<< Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country >>> <<< The common good before the private good. >>>
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
As long as there are entrenched social and political distinctions between sexes, races or classes, there will be forms of science whose main function is to rationalize and legitimize these distinctions.
As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve The Problem, saving the documentation for later.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
As long as we're going to reinvent the wheel again, we might as well try making it round this time.
A small town that cannot support one lawyer can always support two.
As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality. One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly useful and interesting, I just had to share it. Answer each of the following items "true" or "false" 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens. 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse. 3. Some people never look at me. 4. Spinach makes me feel alone. 5. My sex life is A-okay. 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit. 7. I like to kill mosquitoes. 8. Cousins are not to be trusted. 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down. 10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating. 11. I think most people would cry to gain a point. 12. I cannot read or write. 13. I am bored by thoughts of death. 14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me. 15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker. 16. I am never startled by a fish. 17. My mother's uncle was a good man. 18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten. 19. People who break the law are wise guys. 20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.
As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality. One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly useful and interesting, I just had to share it. Answer each of the following items "true" or "false" 1. I think beavers work too hard. 2. I use shoe polish to excess. 3. God is love. 4. I like mannish children. 5. I have always been diturbed by the sight of Lincoln's ears. 6. I always let people get ahead of me at swimming pools. 7. Most of the time I go to sleep without saying goodbye. 8. I am not afraid of picking up door knobs. 9. I believe I smell as good as most people. 10. Frantic screams make me nervous. 11. It's hard for me to say the right thing when I find myself in a room full of mice. 12. I would never tell my nickname in a crisis. 13. A wide necktie is a sign of disease. 14. As a child I was deprived of licorice. 15. I would never shake hands with a gardener. 16. My eyes are always cold. 17. Cousins are not to be trusted. 18. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit. 19. I am never startled by a fish. 20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.
As me an' me marrer was readin' a tyape, The tyape gave a shriek mark an' tried tae escyape; It skipped ower the gyate tae the end of the field, An' jigged oot the room wi' a spool an' a reel! Follow the leader, Johnny me laddie, Follow it through, me canny lad O; Follow the transport, Johnny me laddie, Away, lad, lie away, canny lad O!
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.
A snake lurks in the grass.
A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking. Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.
As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10. Please update your programs.
As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL. Please update your programs.
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
A soft drink turneth away company.
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
A song in time is worth a dime.
As part of an ongoing effort to keep you, the Fortune reader, abreast of the valuable information that daily crosses the USENET, Fortune presents: News articles that answer *your* questions, #1: Newsgroups: comp.sources.d Subject: how do I run C code received from sources Keywords: C sources Distribution: na I do not know how to run the C programs that are posted in the sources newsgroup. I save the files, edit them to remove the headers, and change the mode so that they are executable, but I cannot get them to run. (I have never written a C program before.) Must they be compiled? With what compiler? How do I do this? If I compile them, is an object code file generated or must I generate it explicitly with the > character? Is there something else that must be done?
As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs; a process that traditionally requires some debugging. conversion to a new computer system.
As pointed out in a followup, Real Perl Programmers prefer things to be visually distinct.
As President I have to go vacuum my coin collection!
A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.
As seen on slashdot about what you can do with your cable modems: (http://slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=32387&cid=3495418): Summary: It's not about how you handle your equipment, it's where you have permission to stick it. The post is by "redgekko"
As seen on TV.
Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve. Run with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened. Keep the company of bums and you will become a bum. Hang around with rich people and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
As some day it may happen that a victim must be found I've got a little list -- I've got a little list Of society offenders who might well be underground And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
As someone pointed out, you could have an attribute that says "optimize the heck out of this routine", and your definition of heck would be a parameter to the optimizer.
As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to be discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs.
Assume a virtue, if you have it not. -William Shakespeare
A star captain's most solemn oath is that he will give his life, even his entire crew, rather than violate the Prime Directive.
A statesman is a politician who's been dead 10 or 15 years.
A statistician, who refused to fly after reading of the alarmingly high probability that there will be a bomb on any given plane, realized that the probability of there being two bombs on any given flight is very low. Now, whenever he flies, he carries a bomb with him.
As the French writer André Gide put it, "Everything that needs to be said has already been said. But, since no one was listening, everything must be said again." If we’re free from the burden of trying to be completely original, we can stop trying to make something out of nothing, and we can embrace influence instead of running away from it.
As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
As the system comes up, the component builders will from time to time appear, bearing hot new versions of their pieces -- faster, smaller, more complete, or putatively less buggy. The replacement of a working component by a new version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and efficient test cases will usually be available.
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
A stitch in time saves nine.
As to house maintenance, does it involve problem solfing? If so, your hacker can safely be left to deall with the panning (for the musement value, if nothering ese).
As to Jesus of Nazareth...I think the system of Morals and his Religion, as he left them to us, the best the World ever saw or is likely to see; but I apprehend it has received various corrupting Changes, and I have, with most of the present Dissenters in England, some doubts as to his divinity.
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
A straight line may be the shortest distance between two points, but it is by no means the most interesting.
"...A strange enigma is man!" "Someone calls him a soul concealed in an animal," I suggested. "Winwood Reade is good upon the subject," said Holmes. "He remarked that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he becomes a mathematical certainty. You can, for example, never foretell what any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number will be up to. Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant. So says the statistician."
A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
[Astrology is] 100 percent hokum, Ted. As a matter of fact, the first edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica, written in 1771 -- 1771! -- said that this belief system is a subject long ago ridiculed and reviled. We're dealing with beliefs that go back to the ancient Babylonians. There's nothing there.... It sounds a lot like science, it sounds like astronomy. It's got technical terms. It's got jargon. It confuses the public....The astrologer is quite glib, confuses the public, uses terms which come from science, come from metaphysics, come from a host of fields, but they really mean nothing. The fact is that astrological beliefs go back at least 2,500 years. Now that should be a sufficiently long time for astrologers to prove their case. They have not proved their case....It's just simply gibberish. The fact is, there's no theory for it, there are no observational data for it. It's been tested and tested over the centuries. Nobody's ever found any validity to it at all. It is not even close to a science. A science has to be repeatable, it has to have a logical foundation, and it has to be potentially vulnerable -- you test it. And in that astrology is really quite something else. News "Nightline," May 3, 1988
Astrology is the sheerest hokum. This pseudoscience has been around since the day of the Chaldeans and Babylonians. It is as phony as numerology, phrenology, palmistry, alchemy, the reading of tea leaves, and the practice of divination by the entrails of a goat. No serious person will buy the notion that our lives are influenced individually by the movement of distant planets. This is the sawdust blarney of the carnival midway.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures.
A student asked the master for help... does this program run from the Workbench? The master grabbed the mouse and pointed to an icon. "What is this?" he asked. The student replied "That's the mouse". The master pressed control-Amiga-Amiga and hit the student on the head with the Amiga ROM Kernel Manual.
A student, in hopes of understanding the Lambda-nature, came to Greenblatt. As they spoke a Multics system hacker walked by. "Is it true", asked the student, "that PL-1 has many of the same data types as Lisp?" Almost before the student had finished his question, Greenblatt shouted, "FOO!", and hit the student with a stick.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
A subversive is anyone who can out-argue their government.
A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something undreamed of by its author.
< asuffield> a workstation is anything you can stick on somebodies desk and con them into using
< asuffield> fibre in the US is such a joke. in the civilized parts of the world, DSL *starts* at the speeds where US fibre lets off < joshk> asuffield: australia is a nation full of savages? < asuffield> joshk: they've got about one 9600 modem between the whole damn country
As usual, I'm overstating the case to knock a few neurons loose, but the truth is usually somewhere in the muddle, uh, middle.
As usual, this being a 1.3.x release, I haven't even compiled this kernel yet. So if it works, you should be doubly impressed.
As well look for a needle in a bottle of hay.
As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free variable."
As with all the other proposals, it's basically just a list of words. You can deal with that... :-)
As with most fine things, chocolate has its season. There is a simple memory aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order chocolate dishes: any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the proper time for chocolate.
Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.
As you grow older, you will still do foolish things, but you will do them with much more enthusiasm.
"As you journey through life take a minute every now and then to give a thought for the other fellow. He could be plotting something."
As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one.
As Zeus said to Narcissus, "Watch yourself."
At about 2500 A.D., humankind discovers a computer problem that *must* be solved. The only difficulty is that the problem is NP complete and will take thousands of years even with the latest optical biologic technology available. The best computer scientists sit down to think up some solution. In great dismay, one of the C.S. people tells her husband about it. There is only one solution, he says. Remember physics 103, Modern Physics, general relativity and all. She replies, "What does that have to do with solving a computer problem?" "Remember the twin paradox?" After a few minutes, she says, "I could put the computer on a very fast machine and the computer would have just a few minutes to calculate but that is the exact opposite of what we want... Of course! Leave the computer here, and accelerate the earth!" The problem was so important that they did exactly that. When the earth came back, they were presented with the answer: IEH032 Error in JOB Control Card.
A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm) A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place. The Metamorphosis LITE(tm) A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed. Lord of the Rings LITE(tm) Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano. Hamlet LITE(tm) A college student on vacation with family problems, a screwy girl-friend and a mother who won't act her age.
A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm) A man in love with a girl who loves another man who looks just like him has his head chopped off in France because of a mean lady who knits. Crime and Punishment LITE(tm) A man sends a nasty letter to a pawnbroker, but later feels guilty and apologizes. The Odyssey LITE(tm) After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is not. But obviously it cannot be where it is not. And if it is where it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest.
A tautology is a thing which is tautological.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
At ebb tide I wrote a line upon the sand, and gave it all my heart and all my soul. At flood tide I returned to read what I had inscribed and found my ignorance upon the shore.
At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is quite untrue in practice. Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather than blinkers it.
At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers, a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
A Thaum is the basic unit of magical strength. It has been universally established as the amount of magic needed to create one small white pigeon or three normal sized billiard balls.
* athener calls Amnesty International House of Pancakes
"Athens built the Acropolis. Corinth was a commercial city, interested in purely materialistic things. Today we admire Athens, visit it, preserve the old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in Corinth."
... a thing called Ethics, whose nature was confusing but if you had it you were a High-Class Realtor and if you hadn't you were a shyster, a piker and a fly-by-night. These virtues awakened Confidence and enabled you to handle Bigger Propositions. But they didn't imply that you were to be impractical and refuse to take twice the value for a house if a buyer was such an idiot that he didn't force you down on the asking price.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
Atlanta: An entire city surrounded by an airport.
Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole or street lamp.
At least for the people who send me mail about a new language that they're designing, the general advice is: do it to learn about how to write a compiler. Don't have any expectations that anyone will use it, unless you hook up with some sort of organization in a position to push it hard. It's a lottery, and some can buy a lot of the tickets. There are plenty of beautiful languages (more beautiful than C) that didn't catch on. But someone does win the lottery, and doing a language at least teaches you something. UNIX
... at least I thought I was dancing, 'til somebody stepped on my hand.
"At least they're EXPERIENCED incompetents"
At many levels, Perl is a "diagonal" language.
At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his thumb with a hammer.
"Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed."
At once it struck me what quality went to form a man of achievement, especially in literature, and which Shakespeare possessed so enormously in uncertainties, mysteries, doubts, without any irritable reaching after fact and reason.
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
At participating locations only.
A transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
A traveling salesman was driving past a farm when he saw a pig with three wooden legs executing a magnificent series of backflips and cartwheels. Intrigued, he drove up to the farmhouse, where he found an old farmer sitting in the yard watching the pig. "That's quite a pig you have there, sir" said the salesman. "Sure is, son," the farmer replied. "Why, two years ago, my daughter was swimming in the lake and bumped her head and damned near drowned, but that pig swam out and dragged her back to shore." "Amazing!" the salesman exclaimed. "And that's not the only thing. Last fall I was cuttin' wood up on the north forty when a tree fell on me. Pinned me to the ground, it did. That pig run up and wiggled underneath that tree and lifted it off of me. Saved my life." "Fantastic! the salesman said. But tell me, how come the pig has three wooden legs?" The farmer stared at the newcomer in amazement. "Mister, when you got an amazin' pig like that, you don't eat him all at once."
A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene triangle.
A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art.
A true beanie should have a propellor on the top.
A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
A truth that's told with bad intent Beats all the lies you can invent.
[At school, Danny Madigan is daydreaming of Arnold Schwarzenegger as Hamlet; he is confronting Claudius about the death of his father] Hamlet: [lights a cigar] Hey, Claudius....you killed my father. [picks Claudius up] Big mistake. [He hurls him, screaming, through a window] Narrator: Something is rotten in the state of Denmark! And, Hamlet is taking out the trash! [Hamlet is shown killing people with skulls and swords] Old Man: Stay thy hand, fair prince! Hamlet: Who said I'm fair? [produces a submachine gun and shoots him, plus several other soldiers] Narrator: No one is going to tell this sweet prince goodnight! Hamlet: To be, or not to be. [lights a cigar] Not to be. [An explosion occurs behind him]
At some point, bits have to go into packets and routers need to make decisions on them. Changes at that level is what I want to hear about, not strategic company relationships.
...At that time [the 1960s], Bell Laboratories scientists projected that computer speeds as high as 30 million floating-point calculations per second (megaflops) would be needed for the Army's ballistic missile defense system. Many computer experts -- including a National Academy of Sciences panel -- said achieving such speeds, even using multiple processors, was impossible. Today, new generation supercomputers operate at billions of operations per second (gigaflops).
At the end of your life there'll be a good rest, and no further activities are scheduled.
At the foot of the mountain, thunder: The image of Providing Nourishment. Thus the superior man is careful of his words And temperate in eating and drinking.
At the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny of all ideas, old and new. This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep nonsense. Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism: The collective enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the field on track.
At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news to the patients. The doctor tells the intern "This man in 305 is going to die in six months. Go in and tell him." The intern boldly walks into the room, over to the man's bedside and tells him "Seems like you're gonna die!" The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot. The doctor grabs the intern and screams at him, "What!?!? are you some kind of moron? You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject. Now this man in 213 has about a week to live. Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me, gently!" The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs his pillow and wishes him a "Good morning!" "Wonderful day, no? Say... guess who's going to die soon!"
At these prices, I lose money -- but I make it up in volume.
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
At this point, I'd like to take a moment to speak to you about the Adobe PSD format. PSD is not a good format. PSD is not even a bad format. Calling it such would be an insult to other bad formats, such as PCX or JPEG. No, PSD is an abysmal format. Having worked on this code for several weeks now, my hate for PSD has grown to a raging fire that burns with the fierce passion of a million suns. If there are two different ways of doing something, PSD will do both, in different places. It will then make up three more ways no sane human would think of, and do those too. PSD makes inconsistency an art form. Why, for instance, did it suddenly decide that *these* particular chunks should be aligned to four bytes, and that this alignment should *not* be included in the size? Other chunks in other places are either unaligned, or aligned with the alignment included in the size. Here, though, it is not included. Either one of these three behaviours would be fine. A sane format would pick one. PSD, of course, uses all three, and more. Trying to get data out of a PSD file is like trying to find something in the attic of your eccentric old uncle who died in a freak freshwater shark attack on his 58th birthday. That last detail may not be important for the purposes of the simile, but at this point I am spending a lot of time imagining amusing fates for the people responsible for this Rube Goldberg of a file format. Earlier, I tried to get a hold of the latest specs for the PSD file format. To do this, I had to apply to them for permission to apply to them to have them consider sending me this sacred tome. This would have involved faxing them a copy of some document or other, probably signed in blood. I can only imagine that they make this process so difficult because they are intensely ashamed of having created this abomination. I was naturally not gullible enough to go through with this procedure, but if I had done so, I would have printed out every single page of the spec, and set them all on fire. Were it within my power, I would gather every single copy of those specs, and launch them on a spaceship directly into the sun. PSD is not my favourite file format.
At times discretion should be thrown aside, and with the foolish we should play the fool.
Attorney General Edwin Meese III explained why the Supreme Court's Miranda decision (holding that subjects have a right to remain silent and have a lawyer present during questioning) is unnecessary: "You don't have many suspects who are innocent of a crime. That's contradictory. If a person is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect."
At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the number of pens that person is carrying.
Auction: A gyp off the old block.
Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
Audience: What will become of Linux when the Hurd is ready? Eric Youngdale: Err... is Richard Stallman here?
audiophile, n: Someone who listens to the equipment instead of the music.
A UDP packet walks into a bar, no one acknowledges him. A TCP packet walks into a bar twice because no one acknowledged him the first time. An ICMP packet walks into a bar, says “Hello!” to the bartender, who then in turn runs out to tell the ICMP packet’s wife. A BGP peer walks into a bar, exchanges contact details with every one, then leaves and… yeah I’ve probably gone over my quota for terrible jokes today.
"A unified, neutral Germany? Given that nation's heritage, such a phrase may prove to be the oxymoron of the decade." -Kevin M. Matarese, Fulda, West Germany; as seen in "Letters", Time magazine, p. 5, March 5, 1990.
A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
"A University without students is like an ointment without a fly."
Auribus teneo lupum. [I hold a wolf by the ears.] [Boy, it *sounds* good. But what does it *mean*?]
Außerdem noch [..] die Distribution für Puristen, denen technische Eleganz und Qualität und philosophisch reine Lehre der `freien Software' über totale Einfachheit geht (Debian) und viele mehr.
Authentic: Indubitably true, in somebody's opinion.
AUTHOR FvwmAuto just appeared one day, nobody knows how.
Authors (and perhaps columnists) eventually rise to the top of whatever depths they were once able to plumb.
Authors are easy to get on with -- if you're fond of children.
Automobile, n.: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
Availability is limited.
Available while quantities last.
Avec!
"A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on."
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on. Include me out. -Samuel Goldwyn
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
A violent man will die a violent death.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Avoid cliches like the plague. They're a dime a dozen.
Avoid contact with eyes.
Avoid contact with skin.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Avoid strange women and temporary variables.
Avoid the Gates of Hell. Use Linux
A Vulcan can no sooner be disloyal than he can exist without breathing.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! AWAKE!
A War Is Never Over
Awash with unfocused desire, Everett twisted the lobe of his one remaining ear and felt the presence of somebody else behind him, which caused terror to push through his nervous system like a flash flood roaring down the mid-fork of the Feather River before the completion of the Oroville Dam in 1959. bad fiction contest.
A watched clock never boils.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
A well-known friend is a treasure.
A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges. A swift-flowing steam does not grow stagnant. Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum. Software rots if not used. These are great mysteries.
A wide-eyed, innocent UNICORN, poised delicately in a MEADOW filled with LILACS, LOLLIPOPS & small CHILDREN at the HUSH of twilight??
A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs. On Friday morning her husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
A wise man can see more from a mountain top than a fool can from the bottom of a well.
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.
A wise person makes his own decisions, a weak one obeys public opinion.
A witty saying proves nothing.
A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets people's attention.
"A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit, let alone discuss with prospective clients. Still, the fact remains that there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another, completely immune to any direct magical spell. It is for this group of beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells. It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club near your person at all times."
<awkward> anyone around? <Flav> no, we're all irregular polygons
A woman physician has made the statement that smoking is neither physically defective nor morally degrading, and that nicotine, even when indulged to in excess, is less harmful than excessive petting."
A woman should have compassion.
A woman was in love with fourteen soldiers. It was clearly platoonic.
A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth. Afterwards, the doctor came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you." "Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked. "Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how. Your son (we assume) was born with no body. He only has a head." Well, the doctor was correct. The Head was alive and well, though no one knew how. The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under the circumstances. One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a phone call from another doctor. The doctor said, "I have recently perfected an operation. Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto his head!" The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung up. She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful* surprise for you!" "Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"
A word to the wise is enough.
A would-be disciple came to Nasrudin's hut on the mountain-side. Knowing that every action of such an enlightened one is significant, the seeker watched the teacher closely. "Why do you blow on your hands?" "To warm myself in the cold." Later, Nasrudin poured bowls of hot soup for himself and the newcomer, and blew on his own. "Why are you doing that, Master?" "To cool the soup." Unable to trust a man who uses the same process to arrive at two different results -- hot and cold -- the disciple departed.
Awright, which one of you hid my PENIS ENVY?
A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call what he writes fiction.
"Aww, if you make me cry anymore, you'll fog up my helmet."
A yawn is a silent shout.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
A young girl, Carmen Cohen, was called by her last name by her father, and her first name by her mother. By the time she was ten, didn't know if she was Carmen or Cohen.
A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new bonnet. Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
A young honeymoon couple were touring southern Florida and happened to stop at one of the rattlesnake farms along the road. After seeing the sights, they engaged in small talk with the man that handled the snakes. "Gosh!" exclaimed the new bride. "You certainly have a dangerous job. Don't you ever get bitten by the snakes?" "Yes, upon rare occasions," answered the handler. "Well," she continued, "just what do you do when you're bitten by a snake?" "I always carry a razor-sharp knife in my pocket, and as soon as I am bitten, I make deep criss-cross marks across the fang entry and then suck the poison from the wound." "What, uh... what would happen if you were to accidentally *sit* on a rattler?" persisted the woman. "Ma'am," answered the snake handler, "that will be the day I learn who my real friends are."
A young man wrote to Mozart and said: Q: "Herr Mozart, I am thinking of writing symphonies. Can you give me any suggestions as to how to get started?" A: "A symphony is a very complex musical form, perhaps you should begin with some simple lieder and work your way up to a symphony." Q: "But Herr Mozart, you were writing symphonies when you were 8 years old." A: "But I never asked anybody how."
A young married couple had their first child. Their original pride and joy slowly turned to concern however, for after a couple of years the child had never uttered any form of speech. They hired the best speech therapists, doctors, psychiatrists, all to no avail. The child simply refused to speak. One morning when the child was five, while the husband was reading the paper, and the wife was feeding the dog, the little kid looks up from his bowl and said, "My cereal's cold." The couple is stunned. The man, in tears, confronts his son. "Son, after all these years, why have you waited so long to say something?". Shrugs the kid, "Everything's been okay 'til now".
A-Z affectionately, 1 to 10 alphabetically, from here to eternity without in betweens, still looking for a custom fit in an off-the-rack world, sales talk from sales assistants when all i want to do is lower your resistance, no rhythm in cymbals no tempo in drums, love's on arrival, she comes when she comes, right on the target but wide of the mark...
Azh nazg durbataluk, azh nazg gimbatul, Azh nazg thrakataluk agh burzum ishi krimpatul!
Azhural raised his staff. "It's fifteen hundred miles to Ankh-Morpork," he said. "We've got three hundred and sixty-three elephants, fifty carts of forage, the monsoon's about to break and we're wearing... we're wearing... sort of things, like glass, only dark... dark glass things on our eyes..."
[Babe] Ruth made a big mistake when he gave up pitching.
Baby making is owned by SCO. Linus's mother never paid royalties. Also, having a name is a SCO trade secret. By giving Linus a name, they again ask for being fined. Best regards, Iztok (p.s.: Iztok is owned by SCO, and phrase "Best Regards" as well. LWN is owned by SCO.) An LWN comment in regards to the SCO ownership claims of Linux Kernel code.
Baby On Board.
Bachelor: A guy who is footloose and fiancee-free.
Bachelor: A man who chases women and never Mrs. one.
Backed up the system lately?
Back in the early 60's, touch tone phones only had 10 buttons. Some military versions had 16, while the 12 button jobs were used only by people who had "diva" (digital inquiry, voice answerback) systems -- mainly banks. Since in those days, only Western Electric made "data sets" (modems) the problems of terminology were all Bell System. We used to struggle with written descriptions of dial pads that were unfamiliar to most people (most phones were rotary then.) Partly in jest, some AT&T engineering types (there was no marketing in the good old days, which is why they were the good old days) made up the term "octalthorpe" (note spelling) to denote the "pound sign." Presumably because it has 8 points sticking out. It never really caught on.
Back to dimensionality. When you are saying something linguistically, it's like taking a trip. You know, when you take a trip from California to Netanya, you don't go straight south and then straight west and then straight north. It's not orthogonal. There are little bits at the beginning. Then you take bigger hops on the planes and then you take littler hops at the end. Language works the same way, it's fractal. There is little orthogonality. At least apparently; you can have orthogonal views of it, there are orthogonal subsets. But there are multiple orthogonal subsets. At first glance it just looks like a network, and you have to navigate the geography.
backups: always in season, never out of style.
Backward conditioning: Putting saliva in a dog's mouth in an attempt to make a bell ring.
Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere, uphill both ways and it was always snowing.
Bacon's not the only thing that's cured by hanging from a string.
... bacteriological warfare ... hard to believe we were once foolish enough to play around with that.
BAD CRAZINESS, MAN!!!
Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges. I don't have to show you any stinkin' badges!
Badges? We don't need no stinking badges.
Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
Bad spelling can be lethal. For example, the greedy Seriph of Al-Yabi was cursed by a badly-educated deity and for some days everything he touched turned to Glod, which happened to be the name of a small dwarf from a mountain community hundreds of miles away who found himself magically dragged to the kingdom and relentlessly duplicated. Some two thousand Glods later the spell wore off. These days, the people of Al-Yabi are renowned for being remarkably short and bad-tempered.
Bagbiter: 1. n.; Equipment or program that fails, usually intermittently. 2. adj.: Failing hardware or software. "This bagbiting system won't let me get out of spacewar." Usage: verges on obscenity. Grammatically separable; one may speak of "biting the bag". Synonyms: LOSER, LOSING, CRETINOUS, BLETCHEROUS, BARFUCIOUS, CHOMPER, CHOMPING.
Bagdikian's Observation: Trying to be a first-rate reporter on the average American newspaper is like trying to play Bach's "St. Matthew Passion" on a ukelele.
Baker's First Law of Federal Geometry: A block grant is a solid mass of money surrounded on all sides by governors.
Ballistophobia: Fear of bullets; Otophobia: Fear of opening one's eyes. Peccatophobia: Fear of sinning. Taphephobia: Fear of being buried alive. Sitophobia: Fear of food. Trichophobia: Fear of hair. Vestiphobia: Fear of clothing.
Bambification: The mental conversion of flesh and blood living creatures into cartoon characters possessing bourgeois Judeo-Christian attitudes and morals. Culture"
Banacek's Eighteenth Polish Proverb: The hippo has no sting, but the wise man would rather be sat upon by the bee.
Banectomy, n.: The removal of bruises on a banana.
Bank error in your favor. Collect $200.
Ban the bomb. Save the world for conventional warfare.
Barach's Rule: An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.
Barbara's Rules of Bitter Experience: (1) When you empty a drawer for his clothes and a shelf for his toiletries, the relationship ends. (2) When you finally buy pretty stationary to continue the correspondence, he stops writing.
BARBARA STANWYCK makes me nervous!!
Barbie says, Take quaaludes in gin and go to a disco right away! But Ken says, WOO-WOO!! No credit at "Mr. Liquor"!!
Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the floor -- especially in the dark.
Barker's Proof: Proofreading is more effective after publication.
<barneyfu> knghtbrd: crap, SDL sure makes DGA a hell of a lot easier too doesn't it? :) <knghtbrd> barneyfu: what DGA? <barneyfu> mouse dga <knghtbrd> barneyfu: (does that answer your question?) <barneyfu> Hahahahaha YEAH! :)
Barometer, n.: An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
BARRY ... That was the most HEART-WARMING rendition of "I DID IT MY WAY" I've ever heard!!
Barth's Distinction: There are two types of people: those who divide people into two types, and those who don't.
Baruch's Observation: If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
Baseball is a skilled game. It's America's game - it, and high taxes.
"Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today? 1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War. 2) Advising the President. 3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin."
Basically, I want people to know that when they use binary-only modules, it's THEIR problem. I want people to know that in their bones, and I want it shouted out from the rooftops. I want people to wake up in a cold sweat every once in a while if they use binary-only modules.
Basically, there were two sides to the world. There was the entire computer games software industry engaged in a tremendous effort to stamp out piracy, and there was Wobbler. Currently, Wobbler was in front.
Basic Definitions of Science: If it's green or wiggles, it's biology. If it stinks, it's chemistry. If it doesn't work, it's physics.
Basic is a high level languish. APL is a high level anguish.
BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of `Scientific Creationism'.
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
BASIC, n.: A programming language. Related to certain social diseases in that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.
Bathquake, n.: The violent quake that rattles the entire house when the water faucet is turned on to a certain point.
"Baths is unhygienic," Granny declared. "You know I've never agreed with baths. Sittin' around in your own dirt like that." (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
Batteries not included.
Battle, n.: A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that will not yield to the tongue.
baz bat bamus batis bant.
<bdale> Bdale is a contraction of Barksdale. <Lo-lan-do> Hm. It's definItely not something I'll ever remember. <Lo-lan-do> Mind if I call you Wensleydale instead?
Be a better psychiatrist and the world will beat a psychopath to your door.
BE ALERT!!!! (The world needs more lerts...)
BE ALOOF! (There has been a recent population explosion of lerts.)
Beam me up, Scotty!
Beam me up, Scotty! It ate my phaser!
Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely get your Feet wet. Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
"Beauty is transitory." "Beauty survives."
Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Beauty, n.: The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Beauty: What's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand.
Beauty? What's that?
Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.
Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or situations that can't bear inspection.
Be careful! Is it classified?
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
Be careful! UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
Be careful when you bite into your hamburger.
Because . doesn't match \n. [\0-\377] is the most efficient way to match everything currently. Maybe \e should match everything. And \E would of course match nothing. :-)
"Because he's a character who's looking for his own identity, [He-Man is] an interesting role for an actor."
Because I do, Because I do not hope, Because I do not hope to survive Injustice from the Palace, death from the air, Because I do, only do, I continue...
Because I don't need to worry about finances I can ignore Microsoft and take over the (computing) world from the grassroots.
Because the demand for it is low enough that it would be best handled as an XSUB, and the demand for it is low enough that nobody has bothered to write it as an XSUB.
Because the wine remembers.
Because we don't think about future generations, they will never forget us.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Be cheerful while you are alive.
Becoming Using the male, being female, Being the entrance of the world, You embrace harmony And become as a newborn. Using strength, being weak, Being the root of the world, You complete harmony And become as unshaped wood. Using the light, being dark, Being the world, You perfect harmony And return to the Way.
Be consistent.
Bedfellows make strange politicians.
Be different: conform.
Beelzebug, n.: Satan in the form of a mosquito, that gets into your bedroom at three in the morning and cannot be cast out.
"Been through Hell? Whaddya bring back for me?"
Been Transferred Lately?
Beeping is cute, if you are in the office ;)
Beer -- it's not just for breakfast anymore.
Beer & Pretzels -- Breakfast of Champions.
"Be *excellent* to each other."
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
Before destruction a man's heart is haughty, but humility goes before honour.
Before he became a hermit, Zarathud was a young Priest, and took great delight in making fools of his opponents in front of his followers. One day Zarathud took his students to a pleasant pasture and there he confronted The Sacred Chao while She was contentedly grazing. "Tell me, you dumb beast," demanded the Priest in his commanding voice, "why don't you do something worthwhile? What is your Purpose in Life, anyway?" Munching the tasty grass, The Sacred Chao replied "MU". (The Chinese ideogram for NO-THING.) Upon hearing this, absolutely nobody was enlightened. Primarily because nobody understood Chinese.
... before I could come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility. What did it matter what anyone knew or ignored? What did it matter who was manager? One gets sometimes such a flash of insight. The essentials of this affair lay deep under the surface, beyond my reach, and beyond my power of meddling.
Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.
Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.
Before you ask more questions, think about whether you really want to know the answers.
Be frank and explicit with your lawyer ... it is his business to confuse the issue afterwards.
Be free and open and breezy! Enjoy! Things won't get any better so get used to it.
Begathon, n.: A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money so you won't have to watch commercials.
Beggars should be no choosers.
Beggar to well-dressed businessman: "Could you spare $20.95 for a fifth of Chivas?"
Behind all the political rhetoric being hurled at us from abroad, we are bringing home one unassailable fact -- [terrorism is] a crime by any civilized standard, committed against innocent people, away from the scene of political conflict, and must be dealt with as a crime. . . . [I]n our recognition of the nature of terrorism as a crime lies our best hope of dealing with it. . . . [L]et us use the tools that we have. Let us invoke the cooperation we have the right to expect around the world, and with that cooperation let us shrink the dark and dank areas of sanctuary until these cowardly marauders are held to answer as criminals in an open and public trial for the crimes they have committed, and receive the punishment they so richly deserve.
Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.
Behind every great man, there is a woman -- urging him on.
Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket"--which is but a manner of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention;" but the wise man saith, "Put all your eggs in the one basket and--WATCH THAT BASKET."
Behold the warranty -- the bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away.
Beifeld's Principle: The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive young female increases by pyramidical progression when he is already in the company of (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better-looking and richer male friend.
Be incomprehensible. If they can't understand, they can't disagree.
Be independent. Insult a rich relative today.
Being a BALD HERO is almost as FESTIVE as a TATTOOED KNOCKWURST.
"Being against torture ought to be sort of a bipartisan thing."
"Being against torture ought to be sort of a multipartisan thing."
"... being a Linux user is sort of like living in a house inhabited by a large family of carpenters and architects. Every morning when you wake up, the house is a little different. Maybe there is a new turret, or some walls have moved. Or perhaps someone has temporarily removed the floor under your bed." - Unix for Dummies, 2nd Edition
Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.
Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very opposite applies with the judges.
Being a werewolf meant having the dexterity and jaw power to instantly rip out a man's jugular. It was a trick of her father's that had always annoyed her mother, especially when he did it just before meals.
"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>
Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real disasters in life begin when you get what you want.
Being overloaded is the sign of a true Debian maintainer.
Being popular is important. Otherwise people might not like you.
Being schizophrenic is better than living alone.
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me ... Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.
Being ugly isn't illegal. Yet.
Being Ymor's right-hand man was like being gently flogged to death with scented bootlaces.
Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes; nothing is safe while the legislature is in session.
BELA LUGOSI is my co-pilot ...
belief, n: Something you do not believe.
Beliefs are what divide people. Doubt unites them.
Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too impossibly bad.
Believe the Lie
Believe to Understand
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
<BenC> cerb: we subscribed you to debian-fight as the moderator <BenC> cerb: list rules are, 1) no nice emails, 2) no apologies
<BenC> CosmicRay: you complete me <BenC> err... <CosmicRay> heh * BenC goes back to coding * elmo looks at benc <elmo> something we should know about you and cosmicray, Ben? :)
<BenC> -include ../../debian/el33t.h <BenC> sendmail build...strange header name :) <isildur> hahaha * netgod laffs <netgod> BenC: can u tell i used to maintain sendmail? :P <BenC> heh :)
* BenC wonders why he has upgraded to 3.3.5-1 before the X maintainer
Beneath Abstraction There is a mystery, Beneath abstraction, Silent, depthless, Alone, unchanging, Ubiquitous and liquid, The mother of nature. It has no name, but I call it "the Way"; It has no limit, but I call it "limitless". Being limitless, it flows away forever; Flowing away forever, it returns to my self: The Way is limitless, So nature is limitless, So the world is limitless, And so I am limitless. For I am abstracted from the world, The world from nature, Nature from the Way, And the Way from what is beneath abstraction.
Beneath this stone lies Murphy, They buried him today, He lived the life of Riley, While Riley was away.
Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
Bennett's Laws of Horticulture: (1) Houses are for people to live in. (2) Gardens are for plants to live in. (3) There is no such thing as a houseplant.
Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
Benson's Dogma: ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.
"Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence"
Ben, why didn't you tell me?
Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and none of his friends like him either.
Bershere's Formula for Failure: There are only two kinds of people who fail: those who listen to nobody... and those who listen to everybody.
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Be self-reliant and your success is assured.
Besides, including <std_ice_cubes.h> is a fatal error on machines that don't have it yet. Bad language design, there... :-)
Besides, I think Slackware sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you?
Besides, it's good to force C programmers to use the toolbox occasionally. :-)
Besides, its really not worthwhile to use more than two times your physical ram in swap (except in a select few situations). The performance of the system becomes so abysmal you'd rather heat pins under your toenails while reciting Windows95 source code and staring at porn flicks of Bob Dole than actually try to type something.
Besides, REAL computers have a rename() system call. :-)
Besides the device, the box should contain: * Eight little rectangular snippets of paper that say "WARNING" * A plastic packet containing four 5/17 inch pilfer grommets and two club-ended 6/93 inch boxcar prawns. YOU WILL NEED TO SUPPLY: a matrix wrench and 60,000 feet of tram cable. IF ANYTHING IS DAMAGED OR MISSING: You IMMEDIATELY should turn to your spouse and say: "Margaret, you know why this country can't make a car that can get all the way through the drive-through at Burger King without a major transmission overhaul? Because nobody cares, that's why." WARNING: This is assuming your spouse's name is Margaret.
Be sociable. Speak to the person next to you in the unemployment line tomorrow.
Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969 judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our victuals being spent and especially our beer."
Best if used before date on carton.
Best Mistakes In Films In his "Filmgoer's Companion", Mr. Leslie Halliwell helpfully lists four of the cinema's greatest moments which you should get to see if at all possible. In "Carmen Jones", the camera tracks with Dorothy Dandridge down a street; and the entire film crew is reflected in the shop window. In "The Wrong Box", the roofs of Victorian London are emblazoned with television aerials. In "Decameron Nights", Louis Jourdain stands on the deck of his fourteenth century pirate ship; and a white lorry trundles down the hill in the background. In "Viking Queen", set in the times of Boadicea, a wrist watch is clearly visible on one of the leading characters.
Best of all is never to have been born. Second best is to die soon.
Be sure each item is properly endorsed.
Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.
beta test, v: To voluntarily entrust one's data, one's livelihood and one's sanity to hardware or software intended to destroy all three. In earlier days, virgins were often selected to beta test volcanos.
"Be there. Aloha."
<<< Better be a tail for the lions, rather than the head of the jackals. >>> Rabbi Mathiah Ben Charash in [Pirkei Avot 4, 15](http://lib.cet.ac.il/Pages/item.asp?item=11025)
Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
Better dead than mellow.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.
Better late than never.
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
better !pout !cry better watchout lpr why santa claus < north pole > town cat /etc/passwd > list ncheck list ncheck list cat list | grep naughty > nogiftlist cat list | grep nice > giftlist santa claus < north pole > town who | grep sleeping who | grep awake who | grep 'bad\|good' for (goodness sake) { be good }
Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
Between 1950 and 1952, a bored weatherman, stationed north of Hudson Bay, left a monument that neither government nor time can eradicate. Using a bulldozer abandoned by the Air Force, he spent two years and great effort pushing boulders into a single word. It can be seen from 10,000 feet, silhouetted against the snow. Government officials exchanged memos full of circumlocutions (no Latin equivalent exists) but failed to word an appropriation bill for the destruction of this cairn, that wouldn't alert the press and embarrass both Parliament and Party. It stands today, a monument to human spirit. If life exists on other planets, this may be the first message received from us.
Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.
Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
Between the idea And the reality Between the motion And the act Falls the Shadow [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to system service dispatching.]
Be valiant, but not too venturous. Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather a new wearer of clothes.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Beware of Bigfoot!
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
Beware of computerized fortune-tellers!
Beware of dog.
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
Beware of geeks bearing graft.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
"Beware of programmers carrying screwdrivers."
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a drip under pressure.
Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us. "He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way."
Beware of the Turing tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
BEWARE! People acting under the influence of human nature.
Beware the new TTY code!
Beware the one behind you.
Be warned that typing \fBkillall \fIname\fP may not have the desired effect on non-Linux systems, especially when done by a privileged user.
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss.
Beyond the top of the sky was the place the Thing had called the universe. It contained -- according to the Thing -- everything and nothing. And there was very little everything and more nothing than anyone could imagine.
<bfextu> oh noooo, Knghtbrd's got a gun :) <doogie> ^^insert music^^ <Knghtbrd> bfextu - o/~ everybody is on the run o/~ <bfextu> o/~ run away, ruuuuun away from the pay-ay-ain o/~
BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-
Bierman's Laws of Contracts: (1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's". (2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's". (3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".
Biers was where the undead drank. And when Igor the barman was asked for a Bloody Mary, he didn't mix a metaphor.
Big book, big bore.
- BIG FIDO? - "Yes?" - HEEL.
Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.
Bigmac's brother was reliably believed to be in the job of moving video recorders around in an informal way.
Bigmac wasn't an athlete. If there was an Olympic Sick Note event, he would've won the 100 metres I've Got Asthma, the half marathon Lurk in the Changing Rooms, and the freestyle Got to Go to the Doctor.
Big M, Little M, many mumbling mice Are making midnight music in the moonlight, Mighty nice!
"Bikkit!"
Bilbo's First Law: You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.
Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
Billy: Mom, you know that vase you said was handed down from generation to generation? Mom: Yes? Billy: Well, this generation dropped it.
Binary, adj.: Possessing the ability to have friends of both sexes.
"Bingeley bingeley beep!"
Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise, and you'll be Gary, Indiana. - Jessie in the movie "Greaser's Palace"
<BinGOs> mst: doh. <BinGOs> mst++ # thinking outside the box. <dwu> mst++ # utterly destroying the box. <Daveman> SELL THE BOX! <dwu> CAPITALIST PIG! <Daveman> :D
Bing's Rule: Don't try to stem the tide -- move the beach.
Biology grows on you.
Biology is the only science in which multiplication means the same thing as division.
Bipolar, adj.: Refers to someone who has homes in Nome, Alaska, and Buffalo, New York.
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.
birth, n: The first and direst of all disasters.
Bishops move diagonally. That's why they often turn up where the kings don't expect them to be.
Bistromathics is simply a revolutionary new way of understanding the behavior of numbers. Just as Einstein observed that space was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in space, and that time was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in time, so it is now realized that numbers are not absolute, but depend on the observer's movement in restaurants.
"Bite off, dirtball." Richard Sexton, richard@gryphon.COM
bit, n: A unit of measure applied to color. Twenty-four-bit color refers to expensive $3 color as opposed to the cheaper 25 cent, or two-bit, color that use to be available a few years ago.
Bit off more than my mind could chew, Shower or suicide, what do I do?
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
Biz is better.
Bizoos, n.: The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a basketball.
Black Dens: Where Black Holes live; often unheated warehouses with Day-Glo spray painting, mutilated mannequins, Elvis references, dozens of overflowing ashtrays, mirror sculptures, and Velvet Underground music playing in background. Culture"
Black Holes: An X generation subgroup best known for their possession of almost entirely black wardrobes. Culture"
Blackout, heatwave, .44 caliber homicide, The bums drop dead and the dogs go mad in packs on the West Side, A young girl standing on a ledge, looks like another suicide, She wants to hit those bricks, 'cause the news at six got to stick to a deadline, While the millionaires hide in Beekman place, The bag ladies throw their bones in my face, I get attacked by a kid with stereo sound, I don't want to hear it but he won't turn it down...
Blackout restrictions apply.
Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies, Shy little angels as gentle as puppies, Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish, They were just some of my tropical fish. Then I got mantas that sting in the water, Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter, Savage male betas that bite with a squish, Now I have many less tropical fish. If you think that Fish are peaceful That's an empty wish. Just dump them together And leave them alone, And soon you will have -- no fish.
Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.
Blast medicine anyway! We've learned to tie into every organ in the human body but one. The brain! The brain is what life is all about.
... bleakness ... desolation ... plastic forks ...
Bleeding Ponytail: An elderly, sold-out baby boomer who pines for hippie or presellout days. Culture"
Blend until smooth.
Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed are they that have nothing to say, and who cannot be persuaded to say it.
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known as Wheels.
Blessed be those who initiate lively discussions with the hopelessly mute, for they shall be know as Dentists.
Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it, for he shall enjoy living.
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
BLISS is ignorance.
blithwapping: Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
Bloom's Seventh Law of Litigation: The judge's jokes are always funny.
Blore's Razor: Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is funnier.
Blow it out your ear.
Blue paint today. [Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson. Ed.]
Blutarsky's Axiom: Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.
* bma_home gropes you <bma_home> "oups, wrong channel" <bma_home> </acf> <cerb> quit groping me <doogie> you know you like it. <bma_home> actually, it was "grope me baby" <gecko-> touch my son and you die, bma ;) <doogie> gecko-: but your wife is ok?
* bma is a yank * Knghtbrd is a Knghtbrd * dhd is also a yank * Espy is evil * Knghtbrd believes Espy
* bma wonders if this will make the Knghtbrd .sig
Bo Derek ruined my life!
Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.
Bognor has always meant to me the quintessential English seaside experience (before all this global warming stuff): driving in the rain to get there, walking around in the rain looking for something to do when you're there, and driving home in the rain again...
Boling's postulate: If you're feeling good, don't worry. You'll get over it.
Bolub's Fourth Law of Computerdom: Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so vividly manifests their lack of progress.
Bombeck's Rule of Medicine: Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Bondage maybe, discipline never!
"Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them seemed to come from Texas."
Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them seemed to come from Texas.
Bones: "The man's DEAD, Jim!"
"Bonsai!"
Boob's Law: You always find something in the last place you look.
Booker's Law: An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
Boomer Envy: Envy of material wealth and long-range material security accrued by older members of the baby boom generation by virtue of fortunate births. Culture"
Boot-faced cats aren't born but made, often because they've tried to outstare or occasionally rape a speeding car and have been repaired by a vet who just pulled all the bits together and stuck the stitches in where there was room.
Booths for two or more.
BOO! We changed Coke again! BLEAH! BLEAH!
Booze is the answer. I don't remember the question.
Bore, n.: A guy who wraps up a two-minute idea in a two-hour vocabulary.
Bore, n.: A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
Boren's Laws: (1) When in charge, ponder. (2) When in trouble, delegate. (3) When in doubt, mumble.
* boren tosses matlab across the room and hopes it breaks into a number aproaching infinite peices
boss, n: According to the Oxford English Dictionary, in the Middle Ages the words "boss" and "botch" were largely synonymous, except that boss, in addition to meaning "a supervisor of workers" also meant "an ornamental stud."
Boss: You forgot to assign the result of your map! Hacker: Dang, I'm always forgetting my assignations... Boss: And what's that "goto" doing there?!? Hacker: Er, I guess my finger slipped when I was typing "getservbyport"... Boss: Ah well, accidents will happen. Maybe we should have picked APL.
Boston State House is the hub of the Solar System. You couldn't pry that out of a Boston man if you had the tire of all creation straightened out for a crowbar.
Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and interface circuit details. The two models, however, are not compatible on the same communications line connection.
<Botje> tecloSolaris: that's an irssi script. you can't run it outside irssi. <tecloSolaris> but it fails in irssi <Botje> why does it fail? <merlyn> it fails because of its parents! <merlyn> I blame its parents <merlyn> It fails because of society. <merlyn> it fails as a fundamental shortcoming of Perl <merlyn> it fails at succeeding <Teratogen> I blame society! <merlyn> I blame Teratogen's society. <merlyn> I'll blame the blamer
Botswana is also the only country in the world with a colour in its flag meant to represent rain (a sort of blue-grey). Not many people know this.
Boucher's Observation: He who blows his own horn always plays the music several octaves higher than originally written.
Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
Bower's Law: Talent goes where the action is.
Bowie's Theorem: If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
Boy, am I glad it's only 1971...
Boycott meat -- suck your thumb.
Boy! Eucalyptus!
Boy, get your head out of the stars above, You get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love. Save your heart and let your body be enough, To get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love. Save your heart and let your body be enough, And get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
"Boy, life takes a long time to live."
boy, n: A noise with dirt on it.
Boys, you have ALL been selected to LEAVE th' PLANET in 15 minutes!!
Boy, that crayon sure did hurt!
Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others. Bozos are people who band together for fun and profit. They have no jobs. Anybody who goes on a tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street? Because there's a Bozo on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others. They're the huge, fat, middle waist. The archetype is an Irish drunk clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin. Fields, William Bendix. Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness. It has Oz in it. They mean well. They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes. They like their comforts. The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time, which is all the time.
bozone, n.: The substance surrounding stupid people that stops bright ideas from penetrating. The bozone layer, unfortunately, shows little sign of breaking down in the near future.
Brace yourselves. We're about to try something that borders on the unique: an actually rather serious technical book which is not only (gasp) vehemently anti-Solemn, but also (shudder) takes sides. I tend to think of it as `Constructive Snottiness.'
Bradley's Bromide: If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -- that will do them in.
Bradyism: A multisibling sensibility derived from having grown up in large families. A rarity in those born after approximately 1965, symptoms of Bradyism include a facility for mind games, emotional withdrawal in situations of overcrowding, and a deeply felt need for a well-defined personal space. Culture"
Brady's First Law of Problem Solving: When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger have handled this?"
Brahma said: Well, after hearing ten thousand explanations, a fool is no wiser. But an intelligent man needs only two thousand five hundred.
brain-damaged, generalization of "Honeywell Brain Damage" (HBD), a theoretical disease invented to explain certain utter cretinisms in Multics, adj: Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented. There is an implication that the person responsible must have suffered brain damage, because he/she should have known better. Calling something brain-damaged is bad; it also implies it is unusable.
Brain damage is all in your head.
Brain fried -- Core dumped
brain, n: The apparatus with which we think that we think.
Brain off-line, please wait.
brain, v: [as in "to brain"] To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source of error in an opponent.
Brandy-and-water spoils two good things.
Brandy Davis, an outfielder and teammate of mine with the Pittsburgh Pirates, is my choice for team captain. Cincinnati was beating us 3-1, and I led off the bottom of the eighth with a walk. The next hitter banged a hard single to right field. Feeling the wind at my back, I rounded second and kept going, sliding safely into third base. With runners at first and third, and home-run hitter Ralph Kiner at bat, our manager put in the fast Brandy Davis to run for the player at first. Even with Kiner hitting and a change to win the game with a home run, Brandy took off for second and made it. Now we had runners at second and third. I'm standing at third, knowing I'm not going anywhere, and see Brandy start to take a lead. All of a sudden, here he comes. He makes a great slide into third, and I scream, "Brandy, where are you going?" He looks up, and shouts, "Back to second if I can make it."
Brazilification: The widening gulf between the rich and the poor and the accompanying disappearance of the middle classes. Culture"
Bread and Circuits: The electronic era tendency to view party politics as corny -- no longer relevant of meaningful or useful to modern societal issues, and in many cases dangerous. Culture"
Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
break; /* don't do magic till later */
BREAKFAST.COM Halted... Cereal Port Not Responding.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Breakpoint 1, main (argc=1, argv=0xbffffc40) at main.c:29 29 printf ("Welcome to GNU Hell!\n");
Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests, since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
Breathe deep the gathering gloom. Watch lights fade from every room. Bed-sitter people look back and lament; another day's useless energies spent. Impassioned lovers wrestle as one. Lonely man cries for love and has none. New mother picks up and suckles her son. Senior citizens wish they were young. Cold-hearted orb that rules the night; Removes the colors from our sight. Red is grey and yellow white. But we decide which is real, and which is an illusion."
Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.
Brian Kernighan has an automobile which he helped design. Unlike most automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver. Rather, if the driver makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the dashboard. "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know what's wrong."
Bride, n.: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
Bridge ahead. Pay troll.
briefcase, n: A trial where the jury gets together and forms a lynching party.
Briefly stated, the findings are that when presented with an array of data or a sequence of events in which they are instructed to discover an underlying order, subjects show strong tendencies to perceive order and causality in random arrays, to perceive a pattern or correlation which seems a priori intuitively correct even when the actual correlation in the data is counterintuitive, to jump to conclusions about the correct hypothesis, to seek and to use only positive or confirmatory evidence, to construe evidence liberally as confirmatory, to fail to generate or to assess alternative hypotheses, and having thus managed to expose themselves only to confirmatory instances, to be fallaciously confident of the validity of their judgments (Jahoda, 1969; Einhorn and Hogarth, 1978). In the analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
Brillineggiava, ed i tovoli slati girlavano ghimbanti nella vaba; i borogovi eran tutti mimanti e la moma radeva fuorigraba. "Figliuolo mio, sta' attento al Gibrovacco, dagli artigli e dal morso lacerante; fuggi l'uccello Giuggiolo, e nel sacco metti infine il frumioso Bandifante".
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.
Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers. There is, indeed, no wild beast more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate. If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if brusque, your character.
British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive it. If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
broad-mindedness, n: The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
Brogan's Constant: People tend to congregate in the back of the church and the front of the bus.
brokee, n: Someone who buys stocks on the advice of a broker.
Brontosaurus Principle: Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them in relation to their environment and to their own physiology: when this occurs, they are an endangered species.
Brooke's Law: Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition.
Brook's Law: Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
Brother Preptil, the master of the music, had described Brutha's voice as putting him in mind of a disappointed vulture arriving too late at the dead donkey.
"Bruce McKinney, author of of Hardcore Visual Basic, has announced that he's fed up with VB and won't be writing a 3rd edition of his book. The best quote is at the end: 'I don't need a language designed by a focus group'."
Brutha tried to nod, and thought: I'm on everyone's side. It'd be nice if, just for once, someone was on mine.
BS: You remind me of a man. B: What man? BS: The man with the power. B: What power? BS: The power of voodoo. B: Voodoo? BS: You do. B: Do what? BS: Remind me of a man. B: What man? BS: The man with the power...
"BTW, does Jesus know you flame?"
BTW: I have a better name for the software .... Microsoft Internet Exploder.
Bubble Memory, n.: A derogatory term, usually referring to a person's intelligence. See also "vacuum tube".
Buckle up!
Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.
Bucy's Law: Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
/* * Buddy system. Hairy. You really aren't expected to understand this * */
Bug, n.: An aspect of a computer program which exists because the programmer was thinking about Jumbo Jacks or stock options when s/he wrote the program. Fortunately, the second-to-last bug has just been fixed.
bug, n: An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect. The activity of "debugging", or removing bugs from a program, ends when people get tired of doing it, not when the bugs are removed.
bug, n: A son of a glitch.
Bugs, pl. n.: Small living things that small living boys throw on small living girls.
Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
Building translators is good clean fun.
Bullwinkle: You just leave that to my pal. He's the brains of the outfit. General: What does that make YOU? Bullwinkle: What else? An executive.
Bumper sticker: All the parts falling off this car are of the very finest British manufacture.
Bunker's Admonition: You cannot buy beer; you can only rent it.
Burbulation: The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
"Bureaucracy is the enemy of innovation."
bureaucracy, n: A method for transforming energy into solid waste.
Bureaucrat, n.: A person who cuts red tape sideways.
bureaucrat, n: A politician who has tenure.
Bureau Termination, Law of: When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out, the number of employees in that bureau will double within 12 months after the decision is made.
Burke's Postulates: Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about. Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer.
Burn's Hog Weighing Method: (1) Get a perfectly symmetrical plank and balance it across a sawhorse. (2) Put the hog on one end of the plank. (3) Pile rocks on the other end until the plank is again perfectly balanced. (4) Carefully guess the weight of the rocks.
Burnt Sienna. That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
Bus error -- driver executed.
Bus error -- please leave by the rear door.
Bushydo -- the way of the shrub. Bonsai!
Business is a good game -- lots of competition and minimum of rules. You keep score with money.
Business will be either better or worse.
"But are you not," he said, "a more fiendish disputant than the Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler of Ciceronicus Twelve, the Magic and Indefatigable?" "The Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler," said Deep Thought, thoroughly rolling the r's, "could talk all four legs off an Arcturan Mega-Donkey -- but only I could persuade it to go for a walk afterward."
... but as records of courts and justice are admissible, it can easily be proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed and were a scourge to mankind. The evidence (including confession) upon which certain women were convicted of witchcraft and executed was without a flaw; it is still unimpeachable. The judges' decisions based on it were sound in logic and in law. Nothing in any existing court was ever more thoroughly proved than the charges of witchcraft and sorcery for which so many suffered death. If there were no witches, human testimony and human reason are alike destitute of value.
But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!
"But don't you see, the color of wine in a crystal glass can be spiritual. The look in a face, the music of a violin. A Paris theater can be infused with the spiritual for all its solidity."
"But don't you worry, its for a cause -- feeding global corporations' paws."
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
: But for some things, Perl just isn't the optimal choice. (yet) :-)
But has any little atom, While a-sittin' and a-splittin', Ever stopped to think or CARE That E = m c**2 ?
... but hey, this is Linux, isn't it meant to do infinite loops in 5 seconds?
"But Huey, you PROMISED!" "Tell 'em I lied."
But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness. I meant no harm; I just liked the explosions. And I was careful never to kill more than I could eat.
> > But IANAL, of course. > > IANAL either. My son is, but if I asked him I might get an answer I > wouldn't want to hear. "Here's my invoice." ? =D
- "But I don't *believe* in reincarnation!" he protested. - SQUEAK. - And this, Mr Pounder understood with absolute rodent clarity, meant: Reincarnation believes in *you*.
"But I don't like Spam!!!!"
"But I don't want to go on the cart..." "Oh, don't be such a baby!" "But I'm feeling much better..." "No you're not... in a moment you'll be stone dead!"
But I find the old notions somehow appealing. Not that I want to go back to them -- it is outrageous to have some outer authority tell you what is proper use and abuse of your own faculties, and it is ludicrous to hold reason higher than body or feeling. Still there is something true and profoundly sane about the belief that acts like murder or theft or assault violate the doer as well as the done to. We might even, if we thought this way, have less crime. The popular view of crime, as far as I can deduce it from the movies and television, is that it is a breaking of a rule by someone who thinks they can get away with that; implicitly, everyone would like to break the rule, but not everyone is arrogant enough to imagine they can get away with it. It therefore becomes very important for the rule upholders to bring such arrogance down.
... But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand. Human intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as we can tell. If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues that now seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding of their world, not in their distorted perceptions. Even the standard example of ancient nonsense -- the debate about angels on pinheads -- makes sense once you realize that theologians were not discussing whether five or eighteen would fit, but whether a pin could house a finite or an infinite number.
But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable nowadays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
But it does move!
But it's real. And if it's real it can be affected ... we may not be able to break it, but, I'll bet you credits to Navy Beans we can put a dent in it.
But I was there and I saw what you did, I saw it with my own two eyes. So you can wipe off that grin; I know where you've been-- It's all been a pack of lies!
But like the Good Book says... There's BIGGER DEALS to come!
But maybe we don't really need that...
But modifying dpkg is infeasible, and we've agreed to, among other things, keep the needs of our users at the forefront of our minds. And from a user's perspective, something that keeps the system tidy in the normal case, and works *now*, is much better than idealistic fantasies like a working dpkg.
But, Mousie, thou art no thy lane, In proving foresight may be vain: The best laid schemes o' mice an' men Gang aft a-gley, An' lea'e us nought but grief and pain For promised joy.
But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!
But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!
"But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast to the nearest gas station."
But Rabshakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to thee, to speak these words? Hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you? [2 Kings 18:27 (KJV)]
But scientists, who ought to know Assure us that it must be so. Oh, let us never, never doubt What nobody is sure about.
But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?
But soft you, the fair Ophelia: Ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws, But get thee to a nunnery -- go!
"But surely dogs can't talk--" Sacharissa began. "Oh dear oh dear oh dear," said Gaspode, "Did I *say* I was talking?" "Well, not in so many words--" (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
But that looks a little too much like a declaration for my tastes, when in fact it isn't one. So forget I mentioned it.
But the greatest Electrical Pioneer of them all was Thomas Edison, who was a brilliant inventor despite the fact that he had little formal education and lived in New Jersey. Edison's first major invention in 1877, was the phonograph, which could soon be found in thousands of American homes, where it basically sat until 1923, when the record was invented. But Edison's greatest achievement came in 1879, when he invented the electric company. Edison's design was a brilliant adaptation of the simple electrical circuit: the electric company sends electricity through a wire to a customer, then immediately gets the electricity back through another wire, then (this is the brilliant part) sends it right back to the customer again. This means that an electric company can sell a customer the same batch of electricity thousands of times a day and never get caught, since very few customers take the time to examine their electricity closely. In fact the last year any new electricity was generated in the United States was 1937; the electric companies have been merely re-selling it ever since, which is why they have so much free time to apply for rate increases.
But then it's a bit odd to think that declaring something int could actually slow down the program, if it ended up forcing more conversions back to string.
But the possibility of abuse may be a good reason for leaving capabilities out of other computer languages, it's not a good reason for leaving capabilities out of Perl.
But they went to MARS around 1953!!
But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad place to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge. Why do people have so much trouble understanding the kludge? What is a kludge, after all, but not enough K's, not enough ROM's, not enough RAM's, poor quality interface and too few bytes to go around? Have I explained yet about the bytes?
"But this one goes to eleven."
But was he mature enough last night at the lesbian masquerade?
But what can you do with it?
"But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?"
"But ye gotta know *where* ye're just gonna rush in. Ye cannae just rush in *anywhere*. It looks bad, havin' to rush oout again straight awa'."
But you have to allow a little for the desire to evangelize when you think you have good news.
But you'll notice Perl has a goto.
"But you read a lot of books, I'm thinking. Hard to have faith, ain't it, when you've read too many books?"
But you shall not escape my iambics.
But you who live on dreams, you are better pleased with the sophistical reasoning and frauds of talkers about great and uncertain matters than those who speak of certain and natural matters, not of such lofty nature.
"Buy land. They've stopped making it."
Buzz off, Banana Nose; Relieve mine eyes Of hateful soreness, purge mine ears of corn; Less dear than army ants in apple pies Art thou, old prune-face, with thy chestnuts worn, Dropt from thy peeling lips like lousy fruit; Like honeybees upon the perfum'd rose They suck, and like the double-breasted suit Are out of date; therefore, Banana Nose, Go fly a kite, thy welcome's overstayed; And stem the produce of thy waspish wits: Thy logick, like thy locks, is disarrayed; Thy cheer, like thy complexion, is the pits. Be off, I say; go bug somebody new, Scram, beat it, get thee hence, and nuts to you.
buzzword, n: The fly in the ointment of computer literacy.
By and large, the only skill the alchemists of Ankh-Morpork had discovered so far was the ability to turn gold into less gold.
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By golly, I'm beginning to think Linux really *is* the best thing since sliced bread.
"By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun." "Computer Language"
By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun. Fool's column.
By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be wide apart.
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote. In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others as it is to invent. (whose author claims, "Actually, stealing IS easier.") [to which I reply, "You think it's easy for me to misconstrue all these misquotations?!?" Ed.]
byob, v: Believing Your Own Bull
By one count there are some 700 scientists with respectable academic credentials (out of a total of 480,000 U.S. earth and life scientists) who give credence to creation-science, the general theory that complex life forms did not evolve but appeared "abruptly."
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast. People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B that so many people from point A are so keen to get there. They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
By perseverance the snail reached the Ark.
By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
By rule #1, 5.005 should always allow localization of lexical @_ . . .
"BYTE editors are men who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then print the chaff." Adlai Stevenson, Sr.
BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then carefully print the chaff.
Byte your tongue.
By the middle 1880's, practically all the roads except those in the South, were of the present standard gauge. The southern roads were still five feet between rails. It was decided to change the gauge of all southern roads to standard, in one day. This remarkable piece of work was carried out on a Sunday in May of 1886. For weeks beforehand, shops had been busy pressing wheels in on the axles to the new and narrower gauge, to have a supply of rolling stock which could run on the new track as soon as it was ready. Finally, on the day set, great numbers of gangs of track layers went to work at dawn. Everywhere one rail was loosened, moved in three and one-half inches, and spiked down in its new position. By dark, trains from anywhere in the United States could operate over the tracks in the South, and a free interchange of freight cars everywhere was possible.
"By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began to suspect "Hungry."
By the time you swear you're his, shivering and sighing and he vows his passion is infinite, undying -- Lady, make a note of this: One of you is lying.
By the way, I can hardly feel sorry for you... All last night I had to listen to her tears, so great they were redirected to a stream. What? Of _course_ you didn't know. You and your little group no longer have any permissions around here. She changed her .lock files, too.
By the yard, life is hard. By the inch, it's a cinch.
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity. Another man's, I mean.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve.
Cabbage, n.: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
"Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception."
"Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception." [apparently, good TV reception is a basic necessity -- at least in Tucson -kl]
Cache: A very expensive part of the memory system of a computer that no one is supposed to know is there.
Cafe Minimalism: To espouse a philosophy of minimalism without actually putting into practice any of its tenets. Culture"
Cahn's Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.
<calc> knghtbrd: gnome 2.0 will be out in a few months, not sure how it will compare to kde 2.0 though <knghtbrd> calc: Just as bloated, just as buggy, and every Gnome 2 app will depend on 30 libraries. <Slimer> knghtbrd: so what changes from 1.0 ?
<calc> Knghtbrd: irc doesn't compile c code very well ;)
<calc> yea it sounds useful for RE'ing USB <calc> i have a useless 3com usb camera here :( <knghtbrd> calc: 3Com could have you arrested for violating laws which don't exist 'till October ;> <calc> knghtbrd: i will hide :) <knghtbrd> ...resisting arrest too eh? <calc> knghtbrd: no i will hide before i get served
California, n.: From Latin "calor", meaning "heat" (as in English "calorie" or Spanish "caliente"); and "fornia'" for "sexual intercourse" or "fornication." Hence: Tierra de California, "the land of hot sex."
Call for details.
"Call immediately. Time is running out. We both need to do something monstrous before we die."
"Calling J-Man Kink. Calling J-Man Kink. Hash missile sighted, target Los Angeles. Disregard personal feelings about city and intercept."
Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
Call me bored, but don't call me boring.
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
Call toll free number before digging.
Calm down, it's *only* ones and zeroes.
Calm down, it's only ones and zeroes, Calm down, it's only bits and bytes, Calm down, and speak to me in English, Please realize that I'm not one of your computerites.
Calm Gravity is the source of lightness, Calm, the master of haste. A lone traveller will journey all day, watching over his belongings; Only safe in his own bed may he lose them in sleep. So the captain of a great vessel should not act lightly or hastily. Acting lightly, he loses sight of the world, Acting hastily, he loses control of himself. The captain can not treat his great ship as a small boat; Rather than glitter like jade He must stand like stone.
Campbell's Law: Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.
Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two points.
Canada Bill Jones's Motto: It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money. Canada Bill Jones's Supplement: A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
Canada Post doesn't really charge 32 cents for a stamp. It's 2 cents for postage and 30 cents for storage.
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished? Yes, work never begun.
Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain? Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes, A root or two, a torus and a node: The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
Candy Is dandy But liquor Is quicker. Fortune updates the great quotes: #53. Candy is dandy; but liquor is quicker, and sex won't rot your teeth.
Can I have an IMPULSE ITEM instead?
Canonical, adj.: The usual or standard state or manner of something. A true story: One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use of jargon. Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in. Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like fashion without thinking. Steele: "Aha! We've finally got you talking jargon too!" Stallman: "What did he say?" Steele: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."
Can't act. Slightly bald. Also dances. Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"
Can't open /usr/share/games/fortunes/fortunes.dat.
Can't open /usr/share/games/fortunes/fortunes. Lid stuck on cookie jar.
"Can't sing. Can't dance. Can handle a sword a little." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
"Can't you just gesture hypnotically and make him disappear?" "It does not work that way. RUN!"
Can you buy friendship? You not only can, you must. It's the only way to obtain friends. Everything worthwhile has a price.
"Can you imagine how life could be improved if we could do away with jealousy, greed, hate ..." "It can also be improved by eliminating love, tenderness, sentiment -- the other side of the coin" stardate 2712.4
Can you MAIL a BEAN CAKE?
"Can you program?" "Well, I'm literate, if that's what you mean!"
Captain Penny's Law: You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool mom.
Captain Penny's Law: You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you Can't Fool Mom.
Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...
carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration. the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles. advised to refrain from catapulting projectiles.
"Card readers? We don't need no stinking card readers." particularly vivid fantasy)
Care at the Beginning What lies still is easy to grasp; What lies far off is easy to anticipate; What is brittle is easy to shatter; What is small is easy to disperse. Yet a tree broader than a man can embrace is born of a tiny shoot; A dam greater than a river can overflow starts with a clod of earth; A journey of a thousand miles begins at the spot under one's feet. Therefore deal with things before they happen; Create order before there is confusion.
Care at the End He who acts, spoils; He who grasps, loses. People often fail on the verge of success; Take care at the end as at the beginning, So that you may avoid failure. The sage desires no-desire, Values no-value, Learns no-learning, And returns to the places that people have forgotten; He would help all people to become natural, But then he would not be natural.
Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected. Carefully planned projects take four times longer to complete than expected, mostly because the planners expect their planning to reduce the time it takes.
Carmel, New York, has an ordinance forbidding men to wear coats and trousers that don't match.
Carob works on the principle that, when mixed with the right combination of fats and sugar, it can duplicate chocolate in color and texture. Of course, the same can be said of dirt.
Carol's head ached as she trailed behind the unsmiling Calibrees along the block of booths. She chirruped at Kennicott, "Let's be wild! Let's ride on the merry-go-round and grab a gold ring!" Kennicott considered it, and mumbled to Calibree, "Think you folks would like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?" Calibree considered it, and mumbled to his wife, "Think you'd like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?" Mrs. Calibree smiled in a washed-out manner, and sighed, "Oh no, I don't believe I care to much, but you folks go ahead and try it." Calibree stated to Kennicott, "No, I don't believe we care to a whole lot, but you folks go ahead and try it." Kennicott summarized the whole case against wildness: "Let's try it some other time, Carrie." She gave it up.
Carperpetuation (kar' pur pet u a shun), n.: The act, when vacuuming, of running over a string at least a dozen times, reaching over and picking it up, examining it, then putting it back down to give the vacuum one more chance.
Carrot was two metres tall but he'd been brought up as a dwarf, and then further up as a human.
Carson's Consolation: Nothing is ever a complete failure. It can always be used as a bad example.
Carson's Observation on Footwear: If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.
Carswell's Corollary: Whenever man comes up with a better mousetrap, nature invariably comes up with a better mouse.
cashtration, n.: The act of buying a house, which renders the subject financially impotent for an indefinite period.
<cas> Mercury: gpm isn't a very good web browser. fix it.
<castoff> merlyn: is it true that array iteration is better performance wise than hash iteration? * avar would guess that array iter is faster than hash iter <merlyn> what is "hash iter"? <merlyn> with "each()"? <castoff> foreach key… <avar> yeah, or keys <merlyn> I don't see those as comparable <merlyn> when you have a hash, and you need to iterate, you do. <merlyn> when you have an array, and you need to iterate, you do <merlyn> what is there to choose between? <castoff> the hash has no real value stored other than the key so i converted to arrays <avar> merlyn: you can compare the speed of the two operations <avar> well duh <merlyn> Why would you compare the speed of unrelated events? <merlyn> "let's time baking this bread compared to driving to seattle" <merlyn> it's pointless <ides> merlyn: heh, yes, but I think it would make a funny performance comparison article! :) <merlyn> "always optimize for baking bread!" * avar eats merlyn <ides> merlyn: I was thinking more along the lines of "Performance comparison on Perl vs RoR vs Ice Fishing" <merlyn> "I repeated baking bread 5000 times to get the average" <merlyn> "It took me six years" <ides> merlyn: too bad there isn't a Benchmark module for my oven… <merlyn> Ovenmark
<cas> well there ya go. say something stupid in irc and have it immortalised forever in someone's .sig file
"Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world."
Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio, the father spanked them. His wife asked, "Don't you love your children?" "In the abstract, yes, but not in the concrete."
caterpallor, n.: The color you turn after finding half a grub in the fruit you're eating.
Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
Cat, n.: Lapwarmer with built-in buzzer.
Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can't make eight cats pull a sled through the snow.
Cats don't hunt seals. They would if they knew what they were and where to find them. But they don't, so that's all right.
Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.
Catsup and Mustard all over the place! It's the Human Hamburger!
Causes moderate eye irritation.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Caution: Write-protection will not prevent a cartridge being erased by bulk-erasure or degaussing.
Cautious, careful people always casting about to preserve their reputation or social standards never can bring about reform. Those who are totally in earnest are willing to be anything or nothing in the world's estimation, and publicly and privately, in season and out, avow their sympathies with despised ideas and their advocates, and bear the consequences.
Caveats: it's GNOME, be afraid, be very afraid of the Depends line
* Caytln slaps Lisa <Caytln> catfight :P <LisaHere> Watch it girl, I like that. <LisaHere> :) <Caytln> figures :D
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...
C Code. C Code Run. Run, Code, RUN! PLEASE!!!!
Cecil, you're my final hope Of finding out the true Straight Dope For I have been reading of Schrodinger's cat But none of my cats are at all like that. This unusual animal (so it is said) Is simultaneously alive and dead! What I don't understand is just why he Can't be one or the other, unquestionably. My future now hangs in between eigenstates. In one I'm enlightened, in the other I ain't. If *you* understand, Cecil, then show me the way And rescue my psyche from quantum decay. But if this queer thing has perplexed even you, Then I will *and* I won't see you in Schrodinger's zoo. of human knowledge" by Cecil Adams
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
Celebrity Schadenfreude: Lurid thrills derived from talking about celebrity deaths. Culture"
Celebrity voices impersonated.
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center of the universe. The premise is wrong, but the navigation works. An incorrect model can be a useful tool.
Census Taker to Housewife: Did you ever have the measles, and, if so, how many?
Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
cerebral atrophy, n: The phenomena which occurs as brain cells become weak and sick, and impair the brain's performance. An abundance of these "bad" cells can cause symptoms related to senility, apathy, depression, and overall poor academic performance. A certain small number of brain cells will deteriorate due to everyday activity, but large amounts are weakened by intense mental effort and the assimilation of difficult concepts. Many college students become victims of this dread disorder due to poor habits such as overstudying. cerebral darwinism, n: The theory that the effects of cerebral atrophy can be reversed through the purging action of heavy alcohol consumption. Large amounts of alcohol cause many brain cells to perish due to oxygen deprivation. Through the process of natural selection, the weak and sick brain cells will die first, leaving only the healthy cells. This wonderful process leaves the imbiber with a healthier, more vibrant brain, and increases mental capacity. Thus, the devastating effects of cerebral atrophy are reversed, and academic performance actually increases beyond previous levels.
Cerebus: I'd love to lick apricot brandy out of your navel. Jaka: Look, Cerebus-- Jaka has to tell you ... something Cerebus: If Cerebus had a navel, would you lick apricot brandy out of it? Jaka: Ugh! Cerebus: You don't like apricot brandy?
"Certainly, if an individual was stopped and accused of shoplifting after walking out of Neiman-Marcus they would expect to be eventually told what they allegedly stole. It would be absurd for an officer to tell the accused that 'you know what you stole I'm not telling.' Or, to simply hand the accused individual a catalog of Neiman-Marcus' entire inventory and say 'it's in there somewhere, you figure it out.'" SCO's Claims
Certainly the game is rigged. Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, But it's very funny -- did you ever try buying them without money?
Certain old men prefer to rise at dawn, taking a cold bath and a long walk with an empty stomach and otherwise mortifying the flesh. They then point with pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of their habits, but in spite of them. The reason we find only robust persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the others who have tried it.
Certain passages in several laws have always defied interpretation and the most inexplicable must be a matter of opinion. A judge of the Court of Session of Scotland has sent the editors of this book his candidate which reads, "In the Nuts (unground), (other than ground nuts) Order, the expression nuts shall have reference to such nuts, other than ground nuts, as would but for this amending Order not qualify as nuts (unground) (other than ground nuts) by reason of their being nuts (unground)."
<cesarb> Damn, every time I spawn, qf-client-x11 locks hard <Zoid> Don't die? <Knghtbrd> good incentive.
* cesarb wonders if in less than a week Carmack will end up receiving in e-mail a courtesy copy of a version of the Quake source which is four times faster than what went out of his virtual hands...
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre! [It is magnificent, but it is not war]
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique.
CF&C stole it, fair and square.
C for yourself.
"Chain letters," said the Tyrant. "The Chain Letter to the Ephebians. Forget Your Gods. Be Subjugated. Learn to Fear. Do not break the chain -- the last people who did woke up one morning to find fifty thousand armed men on their lawn."
Chain-mail isn't much defence against an arrow. It certainly isn't when the arrow is being aimed between your eyes.
Chairman of the Bored.
<Chalky> gcc is the best compressor ever ported to linux. it can turn 12MB of kernel source (and that's .debbed) into a 500k kernel
Chamberlain's Laws: (1) The big guys always win. (2) Everything tastes more or less like chicken.
Chance is perhaps the work of God when He did not want to sign.
Change is the essential process of all existence.
<change_m2> Will LINUX ever overtake sliced bread as the #1 achievement of mankind?
Change the Social Contract? BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Chaos is King and Magic is loose in the world.
Chapter 1 The story so far: In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
Chapter 2: Newtonian Growth and Decay The growth-decay formulas were developed in the trivial fashion by Isaac Newton's famous brother Phigg. His idea was to provide an equation that would describe a quantity that would dwindle and dwindle, but never quite reach zero. Historically, he was merely trying to work out his mortgage. Another versatile equation also emerged, one which would define a function that would continue to grow, but never reach unity. This equation can be applied to charging capacitors, over-damped springs, and the human race in general.
"'Chapter Fifteen, Elementary Necromancy'", she read out loud. "'Lesson One: Correct Use of Shovel...'"
Chapter VIII Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension, Salvatore Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe like a watermelon seed, and never heard from again.
"Chap with a whip got as far as the big sharp spikes last week," said the low priest. (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
character density, n.: The number of very weird people in the office.
Character is what you are in the dark!
Charity begins at home.
Charity, n.: A thing that begins at home and usually stays there.
Charles Briscoe-Smith <cpbs@debian.org>: After all, the gzip package is called `gzip', not `libz-bin'... James Troup <troup@debian.org>: Uh, probably because the gzip binary doesn't come from the non-existent libz package or the existent zlib package.
Charlie Brown: Why was I put on this earth? Linus: To make others happy. Charlie Brown: Why were others put on this earth?
Charlie was a chemist, But Charlie is no more. For what he thought was H2O, Was H2SO4.
Charm is a way of getting the answer "Yes" -- without having asked any clear question.
C has "the power of assembly language and the convenience of... assembly language." UNIX
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
Check here if tax deductible.
Checking host system type... i586-unknown-linux configure: error: sorry, this is the gnu os, not linux
Check it out, send me comments, and dance joyously in the streets,
Check me if I'm wrong, Sandy, but if I kill all the golfers... they're gonna lock me up and throw away the key!
checkuary, n: The thirteenth month of the year. Begins New Year's Day and ends when a person stops absentmindedly writing the old year on his checks.
Check your local listings.
Cheer Up! Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Cheese -- milk's leap toward immortality.
Chef, n.: Any cook who swears in French.
Cheit's Lament: If you help a friend in need, he is sure to remember you-- the next time he's in need.
Chemicals, n.: Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.
Chemistry is applied theology.
Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
Chemist who falls in acid is absorbed in work.
Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.
Cheops' Law: Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
"Cheshire-Puss," she began, "would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?" "That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the Cat. "I don't care much where--" said Alice. "Then it doesn't matter which way you go," said the Cat.
Chess tonight.
Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.
Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #36: Never ever ask the tough looking gentleman wearing El Rukn headgear where he got his "pyramid powered pizza warmer".
Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84: The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request for overheated passengers. When your timer pops up, the driver will cheerfully baste you.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Chicken Little was right.
Chicken Soup: An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin, cocaine, interferon, and TLC. The only ailment chicken soup can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother.
Chihuahuas drive me crazy. I can't stand anything that shivers when it's warm.
Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like them. That's when they come over and violate your body space.
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
Children aren't happy without something to ignore, And that's what parents were created for.
Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
Children begin by loving their parents. After a time they judge them. Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."
Chip Salzenberg sent me a complete patch to add System V IPC (msg, sem and shm calls), so I added them. If that bothers you, you can always undefine them in config.sh. :-) -- Larry Wall in <9384@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
Chism's Law of Completion: The amount of time required to complete a government project is precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.
Chisolm's First Corollary to Murphy's Second Law: When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.
Chivalry, Schmivalry! Roger the thief has a method he uses for sneaky attacks: Folks who are reading are Characteristically Always Forgetting to Guard their own bac ...
Chocolate chip.
Christmas: A day set apart by some as a time for turkey, presents, cranberry salads, family get-togethers; for others, noted as having the best response time of the entire year.
Christmas time is here, by Golly; Kill the turkeys, ducks and chickens; Disapproval would be folly; Mix the punch, drag out the Dickens; Deck the halls with hunks of holly; Even though the prospect sickens, Fill the cup and don't say when... Brother, here we go again. On Christmas day, you can't get sore; Relations sparing no expense'll, Your fellow man you must adore; Send some useless old utensil, There's time to rob him all the more, Or a matching pen and pencil, The other three hundred and sixty-four! Just the thing I need... how nice. It doesn't matter how sincere Hark The Herald-Tribune sings, It is, nor how heartfelt the spirit; Advertising wondrous things. Sentiment will not endear it; God Rest Ye Merry Merchants, What's important is... the price. May you make the Yuletide pay. Angels We Have Heard On High, Let the raucous sleighbells jingle; Tell us to go out and buy. Hail our dear old friend, Kris Kringle, Sooooo... Driving his reindeer across the sky, Don't stand underneath when they fly by!
Christ was born in 4 B.C.
CHUBBY CHECKER just had a CHICKEN SANDWICH in downtown DULUTH!
Churchill's Commentary on Man: Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.
Cinemuck, n.: The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which covers the floors of movie theaters.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success
C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success. UNIX
C++ is the best example of second-system effect since OS/360.
Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening. See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.
Civilization is fun! Anyway, it keeps me busy!!
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
<cj> no! problems in M$ software? <cj> "Thoroughly bugtested" * Dabb grins. <LordHavoc> rewrite that as 'Thoroughly buginfested'
clairvoyant, n.: A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that which is invisible to her patron -- namely, that he is a blockhead.
Claret is the liquor for boys; port for men; but he who aspires to be a hero ... must drink brandy.
Clarity The origin of the world is its mother; Understand the mother, and you understand the child; Embrace the child, and you embrace the mother, Who will not perish when you die. Reserve your judgments and words And you maintain your influence; Speak your mind and take positions And nothing will save you. As observing detail is clarity, So maintaining flexibility is strength; Use the light but shed no light, So that you do yourself no harm, But embrace clarity.
Clarke's Conclusion: Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Class, that's the only thing that counts in life. Class. Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead.
Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're leading the parade.
Clay's Conclusion: Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing. There is no need to do any housework at all. After the first four years the dirt doesn't get any worse.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Cleanse area thoroughly before applying.
Clear the laundromat!! This whirl-o-matic just had a nuclear meltdown!!
Climate and Surgery R C Gilchrist, who was shot by J Sharp twelve days ago, and who received a derringer ball in the right breast, and who it was supposed at the time could not live many hours, was on the street yesterday and the day before -- walking several blocks at a time. To those who design to be riddled with bullets or cut to pieces with Bowie-knives, we cordially recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
Climbing onto a bar stool, a piece of string asked for a beer. "Wait a minute. Aren't you a string?" "Well, yes, I am." "Sorry. We don't serve strings here." The determined string left the bar and stopped a passer-by. "Excuse, me," it said, "would you shred my ends and tie me up like a pretzel?" The passer-by obliged, and the string re-entered the bar. "May I have a beer, please?" it asked the bartender. The barkeep set a beer in front of the string, then suddenly stopped. "Hey, aren't you the string I just threw out of here?" "No, I'm a frayed knot."
Clique Maintenance: The need of one generation to see the generation following it as deficient so as to bolster its own collective ego: "Kids today do nothing. They're so apathetic. We used to go out and protest. All they do is shop and complain." Culture"
clone, n: 1. An exact duplicate, as in "our product is a clone of their product." 2. A shoddy, spurious copy, as in "their product is a clone of our product."
Clones are people two.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
Close cover before striking.
Closed weekends and holidays.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Clovis' Consideration of an Atmospheric Anomaly: The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated than by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere, bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.
C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot. C++ makes that harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.
C'mon! political protest! sheesh. Where's that anarchist spirit? ;-)
C, n: A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything else. It is either the best language available to the art today, or it isn't.
Coach: Can I draw you a beer, Norm? Norm: No, I know what they look like. Just pour me one. Coach: How about a beer, Norm? Norm: Hey I'm high on life, Coach. Of course, beer is my life. Coach: How's a beer sound, Norm? Norm: I dunno. I usually finish them before they get a word in.
Coach: How's it going, Norm? Norm: Daddy's rich and Momma's good lookin'. Sam: What's up, Norm? Norm: My nipples. It's freezing out there. Coach: What's the story, Norm? Norm: Thirsty guy walks into a bar. You finish it.
Coach: What's up, Norm? Norm: Corners of my mouth, Coach. Coach: What's shaking, Norm? Norm: All four cheeks and a couple of chins, Coach. Coach: Beer, Normie? Norm: Uh, Coach, I dunno, I had one this week. Eh, why not, I'm still young.
Coach: What would you say to a beer, Normie? Norm: Daddy wuvs you. Sam: What'd you like, Normie? Norm: A reason to live. Gimme another beer. Sam: What will you have, Norm? Norm: Well, I'm in a gambling mood, Sammy. I'll take a glass of whatever comes out of that tap. Sam: Oh, looks like beer, Norm. Norm: Call me Mister Lucky.
COBOL: An exercise in Artificial Inelegance.
COBOL: Completely Over and Beyond reason Or Logic.
COBOL is for morons.
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
<Coderjoe> gib, perl? <gib> methinks perl is the programmer's Swiss Army Chainsaw
Coding is easy; All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.
... C++ offers even more flexible control over the visibility of member objects and member functions. Specifically, members may be placed in the public, private, or protected parts of a class. Members declared in the public parts are visible to all clients; members declared in the private parts are fully encapsulated; and members declared in the protected parts are visible only to the class itself and its subclasses. C++ also supports the notion of *friends*: cooperative classes that are permitted to see each other's private parts.
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum -- "I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
"Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong."
Cohen's Law: There is no bottom to worse.
Cohn's Law: The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less time you have to do anything. Stability is achieved when you spend all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing.
Coincidences are spiritual puns.
Cold, adj.: When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own pockets.
Cold be hand and heart and bone, and cold be sleep under stone; never more to wake on stony bed, never, till the Sun fails and the Moon is dead. In the black wind the stars shall die, and still on gold here let them lie, till the dark lord lifts his hand over dead sea and withered land.
Cold hands, no gloves.
Cole's Law: Thinly sliced cabbage.
Collaboration, n.: A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the other fellow can spell.
College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if the trustees played. There would be a great increase in broken arms, legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the loss to humanity.
College: The fountains of knowledge, where everyone goes to drink.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Colors may fade.
Colors may fade in time.
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 0. integrated 0. management 0. options 1. total 1. organizational 1. flexibility 2. systematized 2. monitored 2. capability 3. parallel 3. reciprocal 3. mobility 4. functional 4. digital 4. programming 5. responsive 5. logistical 5. concept 6. optional 6. transitional 6. time-phase 7. synchronized 7. incremental 7. projection 8. compatible 8. third-generation 8. hardware 9. balanced 9. policy 9. contingency The procedure is simple. Think of any three-digit number, then select the corresponding buzzword from each column. For instance, number 257 produces "systematized logistical projection," a phrase that can be dropped into virtually any report with that ring of decisive, knowledgeable authority. "No one will have the remotest idea of what you're talking about," says Broughton, "but the important thing is that they're not about to admit it."
Colvard's Logical Premises: All probabilities are 50%. Either a thing will happen or it won't. Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary: This is especially true when dealing with someone you're attracted to. Grelb's Commentary: Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
Come, every frustum longs to be a cone, And every vector dreams of matrices. Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze: It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring Your winter garment of repentance fling. The bird of time has but a little way To flutter -- and the bird is on the wing.
Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over, Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
Come, let us hasten to a higher plane, Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn, Their indices bedecked from one to n, Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
Come live with me, and be my love, And we will some new pleasures prove Of golden sands, and crystal brooks, With silken lines, and silver hooks.
Come live with me and be my love, And we will some new pleasures prove Of golden sands and crystal brooks With silken lines, and silver hooks. There's nothing that I wouldn't do If you would be my POSSLQ. You live with me, and I with you, And you will be my POSSLQ. I'll be your friend and so much more; That's what a POSSLQ is for. And everything we will confess; Yes, even to the IRS. Some day on what we both may earn, Perhaps we'll file a joint return. You'll share my pad, my taxes, joint; You'll share my life - up to a point! And that you'll be so glad to do, Because you'll be my POSSLQ.
Come, muse, let us sing of rats!
"Come on over here, baby, I want to do a thing with you." Firesign Theater
Come on, Virginia, don't make me wait! Catholic girls start much too late, Ah, but sooner or later, it comes down to fate, I might as well be the one. Well, they showed you a statue, told you to pray, Built you a temple and locked you away, Ah, but they never told you the price that you paid, The things that you might have done. So come on, Virginia, show me a sign, Send up a signal, I'll throw you a line, That stained glass curtain that you're hiding behind, Never lets in the sun. Darling, only the good die young!
Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
Come, you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here, And fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-full Of direst cruelty! make thick my blood, Stop up the access and passage to remorse That no compunctious visiting of nature Shake my fell purpose, not keep peace between The effect and it! Come to my woman's breasts, And take my milk for gall, you murdering ministers, Wherever in your sightless substances You wait on nature's mischief! Come, thick night, And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of hell, That my keen knife see not the wound it makes, Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark, To cry `Hold, hold!'
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Coming to Stores Near You: 101 Grammatically Correct Popular Tunes Featuring: (You Aren't Anything but a) Hound Dog It Doesn't Mean a Thing If It Hasn't Got That Swing I'm Not Misbehaving And A Whole Lot More...
Command, n.: Statement presented by a human and accepted by a computer in such a manner as to make the human feel as if he is in control.
comment: A superfluous element of a source program included so the programmer can remember what the hell it was he was doing six months later. Only the weak-minded need them, according to those who think they aren't.
Commitment, n.: [The difference between involvement and] Commitment can be illustrated by a breakfast of ham and eggs. The chicken was involved, the pig was committed.
Committee, n.: A group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group decide that nothing can be done.
Committee Rules: (1) Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner. (2) Don't say anything until the meeting is half over; this stamps you as being wise. (3) Be as vague as possible; this prevents irritating the others. (4) When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed. (5) Be the first to move for adjournment; this will make you popular -- it's what everyone is waiting for.
Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to be appointed to do the work.
Commoner's three laws of ecology: (1) No action is without side-effects. (2) Nothing ever goes away. (3) There is no free lunch.
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world. Everyone thinks he has enough.
Communicate! It can't make things any worse.
Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule.
Comparing software engineering to classical engineering assumes that software has the ability to wear out. Software typically behaves, or it does not. It either works, or it does not. Software generally does not degrade, abrade, stretch, twist, or ablate. To treat it as a physical entity, therefore, is misapplication of our engineering skills. Classical engineering deals with the characteristics of hardware; software engineering should deal with the characteristics of *software*, and not with hardware or management.
COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.
Compassion Compassion is the finest weapon and best defence. If you would establish harmony, Compassion must surround you like a fortress. Therefore, A good soldier does not inspire fear; A good fighter does not display aggression; A good conqueror does not engage in battle; A good leader does not exercise authority. This is the value of unimportance; This is how to win the cooperation of others; This to how to build the same harmony that is in nature.
Compassion -- that's the one things no machine ever had. Maybe it's the one thing that keeps men ahead of them.
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.
Competitive fury is not always anger. It is the true missionary's courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not be enough.
Complete Nature is complete because it does not serve itself. The sage places himself after and finds himself before, Ignores his desire and finds himself content. He is complete because he does not serve himself.
Complex system: One with real problems and imaginary profits.
Compliment, n.: When you say something to another which everyone knows isn't true.
compuberty, n: The uncomfortable period of emotional and hormonal changes a computer experiences when the operating system is upgraded and a sun4 is put online sharing files.
"Compulsory unification of opinion achieves only the unanimity of the graveyard." State Board of Education v. Barnette 319 U.S. 624 No. 591
... computer hardware progress is so fast. No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years.
...computer hardware progress is so fast. No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years.
"Computer literacy is a contact with the activity of computing deep enough to make the computational equivalent of reading and writing fluent and enjoyable. As in all the arts, a romance with the material must be well under way. If we value the lifelong learning of arts and letters as a springboard for personal and societal growth, should any less effort be spent to make computing a part of our lives?"
Computer, n.: An electronic entity which performs sequences of useful steps in a totally understandable, rigorously logical manner. If you believe this, see me about a bridge I have for sale in Manhattan.
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.
Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.
Computers are like air conditioners. Both stop working, if you open windows.
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable. Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up.
Computer science: (1) A study akin to numerology and astrology, but lacking the precision of the former and the success of the latter. (2) The protracted value analysis of algorithms. (3) The costly enumeration of the obvious. (4) The boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities. (5) Tautology harnessed in the service of Man at the speed of light. (6) The Post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
Computer Science is the only discipline in which we view adding a new wing to a building as being maintenance
Computers don't actually think. You just think they think. (We think.)
Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them. Captain, a starship also runs on loyalty to one man. And nothing can replace it or him.
Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more than the estimate the job will cost.
Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
Concentrate on th'cute, li'l CARTOON GUYS! Remember the SERIAL NUMBERS!! Follow the WHIPPLE AVE. EXIT!! Have a FREE PEPSI!! Turn LEFT at th'HOLIDAY INN!! JOIN the CREDIT WORLD!! MAKE me an OFFER!!!
Concept, n.: Any "idea" for which an outside consultant billed you more than $25,000.
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *did* quote anybody in this business, it probably would be gibberish.
Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermount noted in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks. I think we need more owls."
"Concern should drive us into action and not into depression."
CONCORDE: It goes twice as fast as a bullet and you get smoked salmon. by Angalo de Haberdasheri (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
Condense soup, not books!
Conference, n.: A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what he's already decided to do.
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation.
Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven; confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
Confidant, confidante, n: One entrusted by A with the secrets of B, confided to himself by C.
Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you fall flat on your face.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Confirmed bachelor: A man who goes through life without a hitch.
Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.
"Confound these ancestors.... They've stolen our best ideas!"
Confucius say too much.
Confusion will be my epitaph as I walk a cracked and broken path If we make it we can all sit back and laugh but I fear that tomorrow we'll be crying.
Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid. He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the Year award.
CONGRATULATIONS! Now should I make thinly veiled comments about DIGNITY, self-esteem and finding TRUE FUN in your RIGHT VENTRICLE??
Congratulations! You are the one-millionth user to log into our system. If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't hesitate to ask!
Congratulations! You have purchased an extremely fine device that would give you thousands of years of trouble-free service, except that you undoubtably will destroy it via some typical bonehead consumer maneuver. Which is why we ask you to PLEASE FOR GOD'S SAKE READ THIS OWNER'S MANUAL CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU UNPACK THE DEVICE. YOU ALREADY UNPACKED IT, DIDN'T YOU? YOU UNPACKED IT AND PLUGGED IT IN AND TURNED IT ON AND FIDDLED WITH THE KNOBS, AND NOW YOUR CHILD, THE SAME CHILD WHO ONCE SHOVED A POLISH SAUSAGE INTO YOUR VIDEOCASSETTE RECORDER AND SET IT ON "FAST FORWARD", THIS CHILD ALSO IS FIDDLING WITH THE KNOBS, RIGHT? AND YOU'RE JUST NOW STARTING TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS, RIGHT??? WE MIGHT AS WELL JUST BREAK THESE DEVICES RIGHT AT THE FACTORY BEFORE WE SHIP THEM OUT, YOU KNOW THAT?
Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime. Mathematician's Proof: 3 is prime. 5 is prime. 7 is prime. By induction, all odd numbers are prime. Physicist's Proof: 3 is prime. 5 is prime. 7 is prime. 9 is experimental error. 11 is prime. 13 is prime ... Engineer's Proof: 3 is prime. 5 is prime. 7 is prime. 9 is prime. 11 is prime. 13 is prime ... Computer Scientists's Proof: 3 is prime. 3 is prime. 3 is prime. 3 is prime...
Connection reset by some moron with a backhoe
Connector Conspiracy, n: [probably came into prominence with the appearance of the KL-10, none of whose connectors match anything else] The tendency of manufacturers (or, by extension, programmers or purveyors of anything) to come up with new products which don't fit together with the old stuff, thereby making you buy either all new stuff or expensive interface devices.
Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.
Conquer with Inaction Do not control the people with laws, Nor violence nor espionage, But conquer them with inaction. For: The more morals and taboos there are, The more cruelty afflicts people; The more guns and knives there are, The more factions divide people; The more arts and skills there are, The more change obsoletes people; The more laws and taxes there are, The more theft corrupts people. Yet take no action, and the people nurture eachother; Make no laws, and the people deal fairly with eachother; Own no interest, and the people cooperate with eachother; Express no desire, and the people harmonize with eachother.
Conquest is easy. Control is not.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you wish you weren't.
Consensus Terrorism: The process that decides in-office attitudes and behavior. Culture"
Consent decree: A document in which a hapless company consents never to commit in the future whatever heinous violations of Federal law it never admitted to in the first place.
"Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich."
"Consider a spherical bear, in simple harmonic motion..."
Consider the following axioms carefully: "Everything's better when it sits on a Ritz." and "Everything's better with Blue Bonnet on it." What happens if one spreads Blue Bonnet margarine on a Ritz cracker? The thought is frightening. Is this how God came into being? Try not to consider the fact that "Things go better with Coke".
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Consider the situation. There you are, forehead like a set of balconies, worrying about the long-term effects of all this new 'fire' stuff on the environment, you're being chased and eaten by most of the planet's large animals, and suddenly tiny versions of one of the worst of them wanders into the cave and starts to purr. (Terry Pratchett, The Unadulterated Cat)
Consider well the proportions of things. It is better to be a young June-bug than an old bird of paradise.
"Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago."
Conspicuous Minimalism: A life-style tactic similar to Status Substitution. The nonownership of material goods flaunted as a token of moral and intellectual superiority. Culture"
Consultant, n.: (1) Someone you pay to take the watch off your wrist and tell you what time it is. (2) (For resume use) The working title of anyone who doesn't currently hold a job. Motto: Have Calculator, Will Travel.
Consultant, n.: An ordinary man a long way from home.
Consultant, n.: [From con "to defraud, dupe, swindle," or, possibly, French con (vulgar) "a person of little merit" + sult elliptical form of "insult."] A tipster disguised as an oracle, especially one who has learned to decamp at high speed in spite of a large briefcase and heavy wallet.
Consultant, n.: Someone who'd rather climb a tree and tell a lie than stand on the ground and tell the truth.
consultant, n.: Someone who knowns 101 ways to make love, but can't get a date.
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then give it back to them.
Consultation, n.: Medical term meaning "to share the wealth."
Consumption of alcoholic beverages impairs your ability to drive a car and may cause health problems.
Contains a substantial amount of non-tobacco ingredients.
Contains no artificial colors or ingredients.
Contemptuous lights flashed across the computer's console.
Content: 80% POLYESTER, 20% DACRONi ... The waitress's UNIFORM sheds TARTAR SAUCE like an 8" by 10" GLOSSY ...
Contentment Health or reputation: which is held dearer? Health or possessions: which has more worth? Profit or loss: which is more troublesome? Great love incurs great expense, And great wealth incurs great fear, But contentment comes at no cost. For who knows when to stop Does not continue into danger, And so may long endure.
Contents may settle during shipment.
Contestants have been briefed on some questions before the show.
Contest void where prohibited by law.
"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic!"
"Contrary to popular belief, penguins are not the salvation of modern technology. Neither do they throw parties for the urban proletariat."
Control The Way flows and ebbs, creating and destroying, Implementing all the world, attending to the tiniest details, Claiming nothing in return. It nurtures all things, Though it does not control them; It has no intention, So it seems inconsequential. It is the substance of all things; Though it does not control them; It has no exception, So it seems all-important. The sage would not control the world; He is in harmony with the world.
Convention is the ruler of all.
Convention organizer to Linus Torvalds: "You might like to come with us to some licensed[1] place, and have some pizza." Linus: "Oh, I did not know that you needed a license to eat pizza". [1] Licensed - refers in Australia to a restaurant which has government licence to sell liquor.
Conversational Slumming: The self-conscious enjoyment of a given conversation precisely for its lack of intellectual rigor. A major spin-off activity of Recreational Slumming. Culture"
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
Conversation, n.: A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his breath is called the listener.
"Conversion, fastidious Goddess, loves blood better than brick, and feasts most subtly on the human will."
Conway's Law: In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on. This person must be fired.
COONDOG MEMORY (heard in Rutledge, Missouri, about eighteen years ago) Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot. For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to try out ol' Sis here. So I turned her out south of the house and she made two or three big swings back and forth across the edge of the woods, set back her head, bayed a couple of times, cut straight through the woods, come to a little clearing, jumped about three foot straight up in the air, run to the other side, and commenced to letting out a racket like she had something treed. We went over there with our flashlights and shone them up in the tree but couldn't catch no shine offa coon's eyes, and my neighbor sorta indicated that ol' Sis might be a little crazy, `cause she stood right to the tree and kept singing up into it. So I pulled off my coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up. Now as I was saying, she can follow a pretty old trail, but this fellow was still calling her crazy or touched `cause she had hopped up in the air while she was crossing the clearing, until I reminded him that the Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back. Now, this dog is for sale.
Cops never say good-bye. They're always hoping to see you again in the line-up.
Copying machine, n.: A device that shreds paper, flashes mysteriously coded messages, and makes duplicates for everyone in the office who isn't interested in reading them.
core error - bus dumped
<core> i'm glad Debian finally got into polar-deep-freeze-we-arent-shitting-you state finally.
Coronation, n.: The ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and visible signs of his divine right to be blown skyhigh with a dynamite bomb.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Correspondence Corollary: An experiment may be considered a success if no more than half your data must be discarded to obtain correspondence with your theory.
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner. His job is to enforce the law and fight crime.
Corry's Law: Paper is always strongest at the perforations.
* CosmicRay wishes he had some strippers here.... <CosmicRay> err, wire strippers
Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. does not warrant that the functions contained in the program will meet your requirements or that the operation of the program will be uninterrupted or error-free. However, Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. warrants the diskette(s) on which the program is furnished to be of black color and square shape under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of purchase. NOTE: IN NO EVENT WILL COSMOTRONIC SOFTWARE UNLIMITED OR ITS DISTRIBUTORS AND THEIR DEALERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFIT, LOST SAVINGS, LOST PATIENCE OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
Could be you're crossing the fine line A silly driver kind of...off the wall You keep it cool when it's t-t-tight ...eyes wide open when you start to fall.
"Could have bin worse, mister. I could have said 'miaow'." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
Could I have a drug overdose?
Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell at people to save their core images before logging them out? I'm sure the cattle prod would be effective in this regard. In any case, a traverse mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention being easier to stake.
Could somebody drag the Irix team kicking and screaming into the 1980's, please? I realize it might be quite painful for them, but maybe you could buy them a disco tape, so they'd feel a little bit more at home.
Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.
Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal--if you don't use your thumbs.
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear. Except a creature be part coward it is not a compliment to say it is brave; it is merely a loose misapplication of the word. Consider the flea!--incomparably the bravest of all the creatures of God, if ignorance of fear were courage. Whether you are asleep or awake he will attack you, caring nothing for the fact that in bulk and strength you are to him as are the massed armies of the earth to a sucking child; he lives both day and night and all days and nights in the very lap of peril and the immediate presence of death, and yet is no more afraid than is the man who walks the streets of a city that was threatened by an earthquake ten centuries before. When we speak of Clive, Nelson, and Putnam as men who "didn't know what fear was," we ought always to add the flea--and put him at the head of the procession.
Courage is your greatest present need.
'Course, I haven't weighed in yet. :-)
'Course, that doesn't work when 'a' contains parentheses.
court, n.: A place where they dispense with justice.
Coward, n.: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
[Crash programs] fail because they are based on the theory that, with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical attention to detail. It requires intelligence, dedication, and an enormous amount of hard work. But, a certain amount of unpredictable and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference between adequacy and excellence.
"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and because good teachers understand exactly why it is false. What could be more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our entire intellectual heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any general understanding of science as an enterprise?
Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll say it was obvious all along.
Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility; sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.
Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
Creditor, n.: A man who has a better memory than a debtor.
Crenna's Law of Political Accountability: If you are the first to know about something bad, you are going to be held responsible for acting on it, regardless of your formal duties.
Crime does not pay ... as well as politics.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
critic, n.: A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries to please him.
Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
Croll's Query: If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?
Cropp's Law: The amount of work done varies inversly with the time spent in the office.
<Crow_> hmm, is there a --now-dammit option for exim?
<Crow-> im fcucking druk * Knghtbrd makes sure to log everything Crow- says tonight ... <MrBump> heheh <MrBump> He said he'd marry me! damnit!! <Crow-> dude no way <Knghtbrd> MrBump - he's not THAT drunk <MrBump> Knghtbrd: I'm crushed :o)
Crowley had been extremely impressed with the warranties offered by the computer industry, and had in fact sent a bundle Below to the department that drew up the Immortal Soul agreements, with a yellow memo form attached just saying: "Learn, guys." (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
Crowley was in Hell's bad books. Not that Hell has any other kind.
<Crow-> Manoj: well, i can't understand stuff like "s/3#$%^% {]][ @ f245 }" <Manoj> Crow: That is not quite legal ;-) <Knghtbrd> Manoj - how would one make "s/3#$%^% {]][ @ f245 }" legal anyway? (and what would it do? hehe) <Manoj> Knghtbrd: You need to finish the s/// expression. <Knghtbrd> oh, is that all?
Cruickshank's Law of Committees: If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so much work has already been done on it.
Cuddy had only been a guard for a few days, but already he had absorbed one important and basic fact: it is almost impossible for anyone to be in a street without breaking the law.
Cuius testiculos habes, habeas cardia et cerebellum.
Cultivate Harmony Cultivate harmony within yourself, and harmony becomes real; Cultivate harmony within your family, and harmony becomes fertile; Cultivate harmony within your community, and harmony becomes abundant; Cultivate harmony within your culture, and harmony becomes enduring; Cultivate harmony within the world, and harmony becomes ubiquitous. Live with a person to understand that person; Live with a family to understand that family; Live with a community to understand that community; Live with a culture to understand that culture; Live with the world to understand the world. How can I live with the world? By accepting.
Cult of Aloneness: The need for autonomy at all costs, usually at the expense of long-term relationships. Often brought about by overly high expectations of others. Culture"
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
<Culus> aIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 <Culus> MY LIGHT JUST DIED <Culus> I AM SO SAD <Culus> I'm blind! I'm blind! <dark> Light? <dark> Turn all your xterms to black-on-white :) Plenty of light that way.
<Culus> And don't get me started on perl! <Culus> :> <shaleh> perl is beyond evil <jim> you don't know perl yet? <netgod> gotta love a language with no definable syntax
<Culus> Ben: Do you solumly swear to read you debian email once a day and do not permit people to think you are MIA? <Ben> Culus: i do so swear
<Culus> dhd: R you part of the secret debian overstructure? <dhd> no. there is no secret debian overstructure. <CosmicRay> although, now that somebody brought it up, let's start one :-) <Knghtbrd> CosmicRay - why not, sounds like a fun way to spend the afternoon =D
* Culus fears perl - the language with optional errors
<Culus> "Hello?" "Hi baybee" "Are you Johnie Ingram?" "For you I'll be anyone" "Ermm.. Do you sell slink CD's?" "I love slinkies"
<Culus> Hhhmmmmmmmm <Culus> waterbeds for cows <Culus> eleet <cas> Culus: why would a cow need a waterbed? <Culus> cas: To be comfy warm
<Culus-> I will be known as Ian Black, Ean can be Ian Red, Netgod Ian Blue, Che gets Ian Yellow, CQ is Ian Purple and Joey is Ian Indigo
<Culus-> libc6 is not essential :|
<Culus> OH MY GOD NOT A RANDOM QUOTE GENERATOR <netgod> surely you didn't think that was static? how lame would that be? :-)
<Culus> Saens demonstrates no less than 3 tcp/ip bugs in 2.2.3
<Culus> there is 150 meg in the /tmp dir! DEAR LORD
* Culus thinks we should go to trade shows and see how many people we can kill by throwing debian cds at them
<Culus_> We are also hoping to release a version of linux where shell is replaced by perl to a large degree. Adding to that, there are a few of us who would like to see a pure perl platform.. PerlOS :) * Culus_ looks on in horror <mstone> Culus_: on the up side, you can type damn near anything in at the command prompt :)
Cum tacent, clamant. When they are silent, they shout. -Cicero
Cure the disease and kill the patient.
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.
Currently there's five machines permanently networked here. They *all* contain the serious core stuff. A couple of the machines are pensioned off 486s, with little other value now. Plus there's two Jaz drives in the building and the portable also carries a fair amount of stuff. Plus every Friday a man comes around and carves all the new stuff onto stone slabs and buries them in the garden... I think I'm okay.
cursor address, n: "Hello, cursor!"
Cursor, n.: One whose program will not run.
curtation, n.: The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field environment. The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names, addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial matter. Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more people than any other aspect of data processing. You order Mozart's "Don Giovanni" from your record club, and they invoice you $24.95 for MOZ DONG. The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous! Equally puzzling is the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you order "The Best of Wagner", "The Best of Schubert", or "The Best of the Turds". Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses, check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, "A rather innocent, possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL." The squeezing of fruit into 10 columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP. The examples cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still with us. MOZ DONG n. Curtation of Don Giovanni by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da Ponte, as performed by the computerized billing ensemble of the Internat'l Preview Society, Great Neck (sic), N.Y.
Custer committed Siouxicide.
: - cut in regexps I don't think we reached consensus on that. We're still backtracking...
Cutler Webster's Law: There are two sides to every argument, unless a person is personally involved, in which case there is only one.
Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity. It eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation."
C:\> WIN Bad command or filename C:\> LOSE Loading Microsoft Windows ...
...cyberpunk wants to see the mind as mechanistic & duplicable, challenging basic assumptions about the nature of individuality & self. That seems all the better reason to assume that cyberpunk art & music is essentially mindless garbagio. Willy certainly addressed this idea in "Count Zero," with Katatonenkunst, the automatic box-maker and the girl's observation that the real art was the building of the machine itself, rather than its output.
<Cylord> Would it be acceptable to debian policy if we inserted a crontab by default into potato that emailed bill.gates@microsoft.com every morning with an email that read, "Don't worry, linux is a fad..."
Cynic, n.: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be. Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking out a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.
Cynic, n.: Experienced.
Cynic, n.: One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
<Dabb> hehe, I really hate bug reports which are like calling fire department and saying: "There is fire here, come!" :) <Dabb> (and hanging up) * Dabb kills off dozen bug reports.
"Daddy, Daddy, make Santa Claus go away!" "I can't, son; he's grown too powerful." "HO HO HO!"
Daggy stepped forward, but only comparatively; in fact, his mates had all, without discussion, taken one step backwards in the choreography of caution.
Dallas Cowboys Official Schedule Sept 14 Pasadena Junior High Sept 21 Boy Scout Troop 049 Sept 28 Blind Academy Sept 30 World War I Veterans Oct 5 Brownie Scout Troop 041 Oct 12 Sugarcreek High Cheerleaders Oct 26 St. Thomas Boys Choir Nov 2 Texas City Vet Clinic Nov 9 Korean War Amputees Nov 15 VA Hospital Polio Patients
Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a doctor.
Danger: do not shake.
"Danger, you haven't seen the last of me!" "No, but the first of you turns my stomach!"
< DanielS> still, throne of blood sounds like a movie about overfiend and virgins or some crap
<DannyS> Hit the monkey to win $20(*)! * knghtbrd gets out his mallet. * knghtbrd plants it firmly on DannyS' head. * knghtbrd will take his $20 now. =D
<danpat> Omnic: bloody newzealanders <Omnic> danpat: put a sock in it <danpat> heh :) <knghtbrd> making fun of .nz'ers is different---they're all weird * knghtbrd hides <Omnic> hrmph
Dare to be naive.
<darkangel> I generally don't use anything that has "experimental" and "warning" pasted all over it <darkangel> no, I'm not that dumb... hehe <Knghtbrd> ... * darkangel considers downloading the latest unstable kernel
<dark> Culus: Building a five-meter-high replica of the Empire State Building with paperclips is impressive. Doing it blindfolded is eleet.
<dark> eat Depends: cook | eat-out. But eat-out is non-free so that's out. And cook Recommends: clean-pans.
* dark greets liw with a small yellow frog. * liw kisses the frog and watches it transform to a beautiful nerd girl, takes her out to ice cream, and lives happily forever after with her <dark> liw: Umm it's too late to have the frog back?
* dark has changed the topic on channel #debian to: Later tonight: After months of careful refrigeration, Debian 2.0 is finally cool enough to release.
<dark> "Hey, I'm from this project called Debian... have you heard of it? Your name seems to be on a bunch of our stuff."
<dark> Knghtbrd: We have lots of whatevers. <Knghtbrd> dark - In Debian? Hell yeah we do!
<dark> "Let's form the Linux Standard Linux Standardization Association Board. The purpose of this board will be to standardize Linux Standardization Organizations."
<dark> Looks like the channel is back to normal :) <jim> You mean it's not scrolling faster than anyone can read? :)
<dark> Turns out that grep returns error code 1 when there are no matches. I KNEW that. Why did it take me half an hour?
<dark> "Yes, your honour, I have RSA encryption code tattood on my penis. Shall I show the jury?"
Darth Vader! Only you would be so bold!
Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.
<DarthVadr> Kira: JOIN THE DARK SIDE, YOUNG ONE. <kira> darth, I *am* the dark side.
"Data is a lot like humans: It is born. Matures. Gets married to other data, divorced. Gets old. One thing that it doesn't do is die. It has to be killed."
Data, n.: An accrual of straws on the backs of theories.
Data, n.: Computerspeak for "information". Properly pronounced the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.
Dave Mack: "Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par." Allen Gwinn: "Yours is."
David Brinkley: The daily astrological charts are precisely where, in my judgment, they belong, and that is on the comic page. George Will: I don't think astrology belongs even on the comic pages. The comics are making no truth claim. Brinkley: Where would you put it? Will: I wouldn't put it in the newspaper. I think it's transparent rubbish. It's a reflection of an idea that we expelled from Western thought in the sixteenth century, that we are in the center of a caring universe. We are not the center of the universe, and it doesn't care. The star's alignment at the time of our birth -- that is absolute rubbish. It is not funny to have it intruded among people who have nuclear weapons. Sam Donaldson: This isn't something new. Governor Ronald Reagan was sworn in just after midnight in his first term in Sacramento because the stars said it was a propitious time. Will: They [horoscopes] are utter crashing banalities. They could apply to anyone and anything. Brinkley: When is the exact moment [of birth]? I don't think the nurse is standing there with a stopwatch and a notepad. Donaldson: If we're making decisions based on the stars -- that's a cockamamie thing. People want to know. excerpts from a discussion on Astrology and Reagan
<Davide> how bout a policy policing policy with a policy for changing the police policing policy
David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans": * Greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a UFO * Many newspapers feature "JUMBLE" * Hourly motel rates * Vast majority of Elvis movies made here * Didn't just give up right away during World War II like some countries we could mention * Goatees & Van Dykes thought to be worn only by weenies * Our well-behaved golf professionals * Fabulous babes coast to coast
Davis' Law of Traffic Density: The density of rush-hour traffic is directly proportional to 1.5 times the amount of extra time you allow to arrive on time.
Davis's Dictum: Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.
Dawn, n.: The time when men of reason go to bed.
Day of inquiry. You will be subpoenaed.
Day X+4 months: Microsoft ships NT 5.0 for Intel.with a big media event on TV. IBM begins to ship Debian 4.6 as the standard OS on all machines from mainframe to PC and announces the move on Slashdot.
/* dbmrefcnt--; */ /* doesn't work, rats */
%DCL-MEM-BAD, bad memory VMS-F-PDGERS, pudding between the ears
- DDD no longer requires the librx library. Consequently, librx errors can no more cause DDD to crash.
<deadchip> Computer: Remove characters 'nenolod' and 'sxpert'. <deadchip> *beeepbeepbeebeeep* <deadchip> Computer: Resume program. <sxpert> "Program cannot run without characters 'nenolod' and 'sxpert'. restoring instances. <deadchip> Computer: Command override, command code Lt. Cmdr. Milosz Derezynski omega-3-3-9-alpha zero. Remove instances 'nenolod' and 'sxpert'. <deadchip> "Unable to comply." <deadchip> "Computer: Is it possible to at least, _alter_ the subprograms nenolod and sxpert?" <deadchip> "Specify parameters." <deadchip> hmm i take that as a "yes" <sxpert> lol <deadchip> "Computer: Please remove 'nonsense' component from 'sxpert' character." <deadchip> "Affirmative." <sxpert> "unable to comply. " <deadchip> bah <deadchip> yeah <nenolod> grr <deadchip> you're truly un-nonsensifiable <deadchip> hahaha <sxpert> "the intellectual subroutines are not alterable" <deadchip> "Computer: Is it possible to alter the _look_ of the character 'sxpert'?" <deadchip> "Affirmative." <deadchip> "Computer: Please dress character 'sxpert' in a clown's costume." <deadchip> "Specify parameters." <deadchip> "Mid-20th-century Earth, Balkan area." <deadchip> "Processing. Character alteration complete." <deadchip> sxpert: bah <deadchip> yeah i knew you would delete the whole databank first <sxpert> lol <geekoe> "Computer, can we …. finally… simply remover the characters 'sxpert'?" <sxpert> "computer, here's arlequin costume. apply to character deadchip" <sxpert> "character parameters changed" <sxpert> "woop" <geekoe> :D <deadchip> o_O
Dead? No excuse for laying off work.
Deadwood, n.: Anyone in your company who is more senior than you are.
Dealer prices may vary.
Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve. Success is also easy to handle: You've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve.
Dealing with the problem of pure staff accumulation, all our researches ... point to an average increase of 5.75% per year.
Dear Emily: How can I choose what groups to post in? Dear Confused: Pick as many as you can, so that you get the widest audience. After all, the net exists to give you an audience. Ignore those who suggest you should only use groups where you think the article is highly appropriate. Pick all groups where anybody might even be slightly interested. Always make sure followups go to all the groups. In the rare event that you post a followup which contains something original, make sure you expand the list of groups. Never include a "Followup-to:" line in the header, since some people might miss part of the valuable discussion in the fringe groups.
Dear Emily: I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to summarize. What should I do? Dear Editor: Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post that. On USENET, this is known as a summary. It lets people read all the replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way. Do the same when summarizing a vote.
Dear Emily: I'm having a serious disagreement with somebody on the net. I tried complaints to his sysadmin, organizing mail campaigns, called for his removal from the net and phoning his employer to get him fired. Everybody laughed at me. What can I do? Dear Concerned: Go to the daily papers. Most modern reporters are top-notch computer experts who will understand the net, and your problems, perfectly. They will print careful, reasoned stories without any errors at all, and surely represent the situation properly to the public. The public will also all act wisely, as they are also fully cognizant of the subtle nature of net society. Papers never sensationalize or distort, so be sure to point out things like racism and sexism wherever they might exist. Be sure as well that they understand that all things on the net, particularly insults, are meant literally. Link what transpires on the net to the causes of the Holocaust, if possible. If regular papers won't take the story, go to a tabloid paper -- they are always interested in good stories. By arranging all this free publicity for the net, you'll become very well known. People on the net will wait in eager anticipation for your every posting, and refer to you constantly. You'll get more mail than you ever dreamed possible -- the ultimate in net success.
Dear Emily: I'm still confused as to what groups articles should be posted to. How about an example? Dear Still: Ok. Let's say you want to report that Gretzky has been traded from the Oilers to the Kings. Now right away you might think rec.sport.hockey would be enough. WRONG. Many more people might be interested. This is a big trade! Since it's a NEWS article, it belongs in the news.* hierarchy as well. If you are a news admin, or there is one on your machine, try news.admin. If not, use news.misc. The Oilers are probably interested in geology, so try sci.physics. He is a big star, so post to sci.astro, and sci.space because they are also interested in stars. Next, his name is Polish sounding. So post to soc.culture.polish. But that group doesn't exist, so cross-post to news.groups suggesting it should be created. With this many groups of interest, your article will be quite bizarre, so post to talk.bizarre as well. (And post to comp.std.mumps, since they hardly get any articles there, and a "comp" group will propagate your article further.) You may also find it is more fun to post the article once in each group. If you list all the newsgroups in the same article, some newsreaders will only show the article to the reader once! Don't tolerate this.
Dear Emily: I recently read an article that said, "reply by mail, I'll summarize." What should I do? Dear Doubtful: Post your response to the whole net. That request applies only to dumb people who don't have something interesting to say. Your postings are much more worthwhile than other people's, so it would be a waste to reply by mail.
Dear Emily: I saw a long article that I wish to rebut carefully, what should I do? Dear Angry: Include the entire text with your article, and include your comments between the lines. Be sure to post, and not mail, even though your article looks like a reply to the original. Everybody *loves* to read those long point-by-point debates, especially when they evolve into name-calling and lots of "Is too!" -- "Is not!" -- "Is too, twizot!" exchanges.
Dear Emily: Today I posted an article and forgot to include my signature. What should I do? Dear Forgetful: Rush to your terminal right away and post an article that says, "Oops, I forgot to post my signature with that last article. Here it is." Since most people will have forgotten your earlier article, (particularly since it dared to be so boring as to not have a nice, juicy signature) this will remind them of it. Besides, people care much more about the signature anyway.
Dear Emily, what about test messages? Dear Concerned: It is important, when testing, to test the entire net. Never test merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done. Also put "please ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips a message with a line like that. Don't use a subject like "My sex is female but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth by all USEnauts.
Dear Freshman, You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but unknown to you we have something in common. We are both rather prone to mistakes. I was elected Student Government President by mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.
Dear Lord: I just want *one* one-armed manager so I never have to hear "On the other hand", again.
Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may have to eat them.
Dear Miss Manners: My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's elbows on the table. However, I have read that one elbow, in between courses, is all right. Which is correct? Gentle Reader: For the purpose of answering examinations in your home economics class, your teacher is correct. Catching on to this principle of education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.
Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, "Part of this complete breakfast". The way it comes up is, my 5-year-old will be watching TV cartoon shows in the morning, and they'll show a commercial for a children's compressed breakfast compound such as "Froot Loops" or "Lucky Charms", and they always show it sitting on a table next to some actual food such as eggs, and the announcer always says: "Part of this complete breakfast". Don't that really mean, "Adjacent to this complete breakfast", or "On the same table as this complete breakfast"? And couldn't they make essentially the same claim if, instead of Froot Loops, they put a can of shaving cream there, or a dead bat? Answer: Yes.
Dear Mister Language Person: What is the purpose of the apostrophe? Answer: The apostrophe is used mainly in hand-lettered small business signs to alert the reader that an "S" is coming up at the end of a word, as in: WE DO NOT EXCEPT PERSONAL CHECK'S, or: NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ITEM'S. Another important grammar concept to bear in mind when creating hand- lettered small-business signs is that you should put quotation marks around random words for decoration, as in "TRY" OUR HOT DOG'S, or even TRY "OUR" HOT DOG'S.
Dear Ms. Postnews: I couldn't get mail through to somebody on another site. What should I do? Dear Eager: No problem, just post your message to a group that a lot of people read. Say, "This is for John Smith. I couldn't get mail through so I'm posting it. All others please ignore." This way tens of thousands of people will spend a few seconds scanning over and ignoring your article, using up over 16 man-hours their collective time, but you will be saved the terrible trouble of checking through usenet maps or looking for alternate routes. Just think, if you couldn't distribute your message to 9000 other computers, you might actually have to (gasp) call directory assistance for 60 cents, or even phone the person. This can cost as much as a few DOLLARS (!) for a 5 minute call! And certainly it's better to spend 10 to 20 dollars of other people's money distributing the message than for you to have to waste $9 on an overnight letter, or even 25 cents on a stamp! Don't forget. The world will end if your message doesn't get through, so post it as many places as you can.
Dear Sir, I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or to the office, We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in public places. They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn will cause massive un- employment in the already severely depressed agricultural industry. Yours faithfully, Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J.P. Sevenoaks
Death and Famine and War and Pollution continued biking towards Tadfield. And Grievous Bodily Harm, Cruelty To Animals, Things Not Working Properly Even After You've Given Them A Good Thumping but secretly No Alcohol Lager, and Really Cool People travelled with them. (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
Death before dishonor. But neither before breakfast.
Death comes on every passing breeze, He lurks in every flower; Each season has its own disease, Its peril -- every hour.
Death. Destruction. Disease. Horror. That's what war is all about. That's what makes it a thing to be avoided.
Death didn't answer. He was looking at Spold in the same way as a dog looks at a bone, only in this case things were more or less the other way around.
Death has been proven to be 99% fatal in laboratory rats.
Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
Death is nature's way of saying `Howdy'.
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Death isn't on line. If he was, there would be a sudden drop in the death rate. Although it'd be interesting to see if he'd post things like: DON'T YOU THINK I SOUND LIKE JAMES EARL JONES?
Death is only a state of mind. Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.
Death Men flow into life, and ebb into death. Some are filled with life; Some are empty with death; Some hold fast to life, and thereby perish, For life is an abstraction. Those who are filled with life Need not fear tigers and rhinos in the wilds, Nor wear armour and shields in battle; The rhinoceros finds no place in them for its horn, The tiger no place for its claw, The soldier no place for a weapon, For death finds no place in them.
Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!!
Death to all fanatics!
Death was Nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Death, when unnecessary, is a tragic thing.
Death wish, n.: The only wish that always comes true, whether or not one wishes it to.
Debian is like Suse with yast turned off, just better. :)
Debian is the Jedi operating system: "Always two there are, a master and an apprentice".
Debian Linux is a solid, comprehensive product, and a genuine pleasure to use. It is also great to become involved with the Debian collective, whose friendliness and spirit recalls the early days of the Internet and its sense of openness and global cooperation.
#Debian makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. :)
"Debian: no hats or reptiles were harmed in the making of this distribution= ."
Debug is human, de-fix divine.
Decade Blending: In clothing: the indiscriminate combination of two or more items from various decades to create a personal mood: Sheila = Mary Quant earrings (1960s) + cork wedgie platform shows (1970s) + black leather jacket (1950s and 1980s). Culture"
decafalon, n.: The grueling event of getting through the day consuming only things that are good for you.
Decaffeinated coffee? Just Say No.
Decay and Renewal Empty the self completely; Embrace perfect peace. The world will rise and move; Watch it return to rest. All the flourishing things Will return to their source. This return is peaceful; It is the flow of nature, An eternal decay and renewal. Accepting this brings enlightenment, Ignoring this brings misery. Who accepts nature's flow becomes all-cherishing; Being all-cherishing he becomes impartial; Being impartial he becomes magnanimous; Being magnanimous he becomes natural; Being natural he becomes one with the Way; Being one with the Way he becomes immortal: Though his body will decay, the Way will not.
DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
Deceive Inveigle Obfuscate
Decemba, n: The 12th month of the year. erra, n: A mistake. faa, n: To, from, or at considerable distance. Linder, n: A female name. memba, n: To recall to the mind; think of again. New Hampsha, n: A state in the northeast United States. New Yaak, n: Another state in the northeast United States. Novemba, n: The 11th month of the year. Octoba, n: The 10th month of the year. ova, n: Location above or across a specified position. What the season is when the Knicks quit playing.
Decision maker, n.: The person in your office who was unable to form a task force before the music stopped.
Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really over- whelming majority of the crowd present. Abusive and obscene language may not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel, or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants (unless struck by a boomerang).
Deck us all with Boston Charlie, Walla Walla, Wash., an' Kalamazoo! Nora's freezin' on the trolley, Swaller dollar cauliflower, alleygaroo! Don't we know archaic barrel, Lullaby Lilla Boy, Louisville Lou. Trolley Molly don't love Harold, Boola boola Pensacoola hullabaloo!
Declared guilty... of displaying feelings of an almost human nature.
Decorate your home. It gives the illusion that your life is more interesting than it really is.
<Deek> "A good programmer can write FORTRAN in any language." <Deek> knghtbrd has proven that you can write C++ in any language too. <grin> <Mercury> We are currently considdering if we should give him or prize, or kill him.. <Mercury> (Of course, by all rights, this means we should give him the prize, and then kill him.. <G>)
<Deek> change all cvar->value = X to use Cvar_Set() <theoddone33> that didn't happen in oldtree <Deek> Actually, it did. <Knghtbrd> yeah - two weeks later.
<Deek> If the user points the gun at his foot and pulls the trigger, it is our job to ensure the bullet gets where it's supposed to.
<Deek> "I keep my personal gpg data in a locked, lead safe in a vault guarded by angry rednecks and their dawgs. Trespassers will be violated, and all that..."
<Deek> nopcode: No, it isn't. Win32 lacks the equivalent of fork(). <Knghtbrd> Deek: windoze is not meant for people who should have access to sharp objects, hence no fork() <Knghtbrd> instead, you must rely on spoon()
<Deek> That reminds me, we'll need to buy a chainsaw for the office. "In case of emergency, break glass"
<Deek> Yes, America is a country based on how pissed-off a group of taxed people can get. <Deek> We exist as a country because we're cheap.
<Deek> you GPL your homework? :) <knghtbrd> yah =D <knghtbrd> Anyone is permitted to use or modify my homework, but if they distribute changes they must include the full machine-readable source code ;>
...Deep Hack Mode -- that mysterious and frightening state of consciousness where Mortal Users fear to tread.
"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" -- it implies all sorts of marvelous things. It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory", quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
default, n.: [Possibly from Black English "De fault wid dis system is you, mon."] The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity. "Nothing will come of nothing: speak again." -- King Lear.
Default, n.: The hardware's, of course.
Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
#define BITCOUNT(x) (((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255) #define BX_(x) ((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777) \ - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333) \ - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))
#define FALSE 0 /* This is the naked Truth */ #define TRUE 1 /* and this is the Light */
#define NULL 0 /* silly thing is, we don't even use this */
#define SIGILL 6 /* blech */
Deflector shields just came on, Captain.
(defun NF (a c) (cond ((null c) () ) ((atom (car c)) (append (list (eval (list 'getchar (list (car c) 'a) (cadr c)))) (nf a (cddr c)))) (t (append (list (implode (nf a (car c)))) (nf a (cdr c)))))) (defun AD (want-job challenging boston-area) (cond ((or (not (equal want-job 'yes)) (not (equal boston-area 'yes)) (lessp challenging 7)) () ) (t (append (nf (get 'ad 'expr) '((caaddr 1 caadr 2 car 1 car 1) (car 5 cadadr 9 cadadr 8 cadadr 9 caadr 4 car 2 car 1) (car 2 caadr 4))) (list '851-5071x2661))))) ;;; We are an affirmative action employer.
Deja vu: French., already seen; unoriginal; trite. Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced something actually being encountered for the first time. Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced something actually being encountered for the first time.
Delay is preferable to error.
Delay not, Caesar. Read it instantly. Here is a letter, read it at your leisure. [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to I/O system services.]
<Delenn> I wouldn't make it through 24 hours before I'd be firing up the grill and slapping a few friends on the barbie. <spacemoos> Why would you slap friends with barbies, thats kinda kinky
DELETE A FORTUNE! Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?! Wouldn't you like to see some of them deleted from the system? You can! Just mail to `fortune' with the fortune you hate most, and we'll make sure it gets expunged.
Deliberate provocation of mystical experience, particularly by LSD and related hallucinogens, in contrast to spontaneous visionary experiences, entails dangers that must not be underestimated. Practitioners must take into account the peculiar effects of these substances, namely their ability to influence our consciousness, the innermost essence of our being. The history of LSD to date amply demonstrates the catastrophic consequences that can ensue when its profound effect is misjudged and the substance is mistaken for a pleasure drug. Special internal and external advance preparations are required; with them, an LSD experiment can become a meaningful experience.
Deliberation, n.: The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is buttered on.
Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.
Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an overdose of flouride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a steroid-free fitness center.
Delta: A real man lands where he wants to. -- David Letterman
Delta: The kids will love our inflatable slides. -- David Letterman
Delta: We never make the same mistake three times. -- David Letterman
Delta: We're Amtrak with wings. -- David Letterman
Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth.
Demand the establishment of the government in its rightful home at Disneyland.
Democracy becomes a government of bullies, tempered by editors.
Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than we deserve.
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you don't think.
Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.
Democracy is good. I say this because other systems are worse.
Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time.
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch. Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote. Misattributed to Benjamin Franklin
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
Demographic polls show that you have lost credibility across the board. Especially with those 14 year-old Valley girls.
Demons When you use the Way to conquer the world, Your demons will lose their power to harm. It is not that they lose their power as such, But that they will not harm others; Because they will not harm others, You will not harm others: When neither you nor your demons can do harm, You will be at peace with them.
Dental health is next to mental health.
Dentist, n.: A Prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth, pulls coins out of one's pockets.
Denver, n.: A smallish city located just below the `O' in Colorado.
Deny Everything
Depart in pieces, i.e., split.
Department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties.
Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.
Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember, it didn't help the rabbit.
Depends on how you define "always". :-)
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
"Der bestirnte Himmel über mir und das moralische Gesetz in mir" that is "The starry sky above me, and the Moral Law inside me."
design, v.: What you regret not doing later on.
Desist from enumerating your fowl prior to their emergence from the shell.
Despising machines to a man, The Luddites joined up with the Klan, And ride out by night In a sheeting of white To lynch all the robots they can.
Despite all appearances, your boss is a thinking, feeling, human being.
"Despite its suffix, skepticism is not an "ism" in the sense of a belief or dogma. It is simply an approach to the problem of telling what is counterfeit and what is genuine. And a recognition of how costly it may be to fail to do so. To be a skeptic is to cultivate "street smarts" in the battle for control of one's own mind, one's own money, one's own allegiances. To be a skeptic, in short, is to refuse to be a victim. New York Skeptic (newsletter of the New York Area Skeptics, Inc.), Spring 1988
Despite the best efforts of a quantum bigfoot drive (yes I know everyone told me they suck, now I know they were right) 2.1.109ac1 is now available
Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't, don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
DE: The Soviets seem to have difficulty implementing modern technology. Would you comment on that? Belenko: Well, let's talk about aircraft engine lifetime. When I flew the MiG-25, its engines had a total lifetime of 250 hours. DE: Is that mean-time-between-failure? Belenko: No, the engine is finished; it is scrapped. DE: You mean they pull it out and throw it away, not even overhauling it? Belenko: That is correct. Overhaul is too expensive. DE: That is absurdly low by free world standards. Belenko: I know. in 1976 "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 102
Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.
<devkev> yeah i saw the lightning gun and where you were going, thinking you were gonna kick some ass :) <devkev> didn't realise it would be your own :)
DeVries' Dilemma: If you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want hits the paper.
Dhblah sidled closer. This was not hard. Dhblah sidled everywhere. *Crabs* thought he walked sideways.
<dhd> is there a special christmas pack for quake <dhd> where you get to be like the santa robot on futurama? <dunham> dhd: that would be a rather unbalanced game... <Knghtbrd> dunham: that's the idea. ;>
<dhd> perl < /dev/bdsm <knghtbrd> you have a /dev/bdsm? <dhd> sure, it's a pseudosadomasochistic random number generator
Dibble's First Law of Sociology: Some do, some don't.
Dickens, as you know, never got round to starting his home page
Dickens, as you know, never got round to starting his home page.
Did an Italian CRANE OPERATOR just experience uninhibited sensations in a MALIBU HOT TUB?
"Did any of them kids have some space alien with a face like a friendly turd in a bike basket?"
Did I do an INCORRECT THING??
"Did I hear things, or can that little dog speak?" said Dibbler. "He says he can't," said Victor. Dibbler hesitated. "Well," he said, "I suppose he should know." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
DIDI ... is that a MARTIAN name, or, are we in ISRAEL?
Did I say 2? I lied.
Did I say I was a sardine? Or a bus???
Did I SELL OUT yet??
Did I test the above macro? Don't be silly. All my code works on first try. Except when it doesn't.
Did it ever occur to you that fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing? Or that we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
Didja' ever have to make up your mind, Pick up on one and leave the other behind, It's not often easy, and it's not often kind, Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
Didn't I buy a 1951 Packard from you last March in Cairo?
"Did you check the list?" YES. TWICE. ARE YOU SURE THAT'S ENOUGH? (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in? I think that's how dogs spend their lives.
Did YOU find a DIGITAL WATCH in YOUR box of VELVEETA?
Did you hear about the model who sat on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?
Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently... Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!
Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship the number zero? Is nothing sacred?
Did you hear that two rabbits escaped from the zoo and so far they have only recaptured 116 of them?
Did you know about the -o option of the fortune program? It makes a selection from a set of offensive and/or obscene fortunes. Why not try it, and see how offended you are? The -a ("all") option will select a fortune at random from either the offensive or inoffensive set, and it is suggested that "fortune -a" is the command that you should have in your .profile or .cshrc. file.
Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
Did you know that if you took all the economists in the world and lined them up end to end, they'd still point in the wrong direction?
Did you know ... That no-one ever reads these things?
Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot that shot down the Korean jet? At one point he definitely states: "Natasha! First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and squirrel."
Did you know the University of Iowa closed down after someone stole the book?
Did you move a lot of KOREAN STEAK KNIVES this trip, Dingy?
- "DID YOU SAY HUMANS PLAY IT FOR FUN?" - "Some of them get to be very good at it, yes. I'm only an amateur, I'm afraid" - "BUT THEY ONLY LIVE EIGHTY OR NINETY YEARS!" (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
"Die? I should say not, dear fellow. No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him."
Dieters live life in the fasting lane.
Die TeX-Artikel [..] aber doch inzwischen wohl nicht mehr an den Fingern zweier Hände abzählbar (außer vielleicht von Informatikern, die bekanntlich mit den Fingern bis 1023 zählen können.
Die, v.: To stop sinning suddenly.
Die Wahrheit ist irgendwo da draußen ("The truth is out there somewhere" in German)
...difference of opinion is advantageous in religion. The several sects perform the office of a common censor morum over each other. Is uniformity attainable? Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned; yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.
Difficult Paths With but a small understanding One may follow the Way like a main road, Fearing only to leave it; Following a main road is easy, Yet people delight in difficult paths. When palaces are kept up Fields are left to weeds And granaries empty; Wearing fine clothes, Bearing sharp swords, Glutting with food and drink, Hoarding wealth and possessions - These are the ways of theft, And far from the Way.
Difficulty Practice no-action; Attend to do-nothing; Taste the flavorless, Magnify the small, Multiply the few, Return love for hate. Deal with the difficult while it is yet easy; Deal with the great while it is yet small; The difficult develops naturally from the easy, And the great from the small; So the sage, by dealing with the small, Achieves the great. Who finds it easy to promise finds it hard to be trusted; Who takes things lightly finds things difficult; The sage recognizes difficulty, and so has none.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
Digital computers are themselves more complex than most things people build: They have very large numbers of states. This makes conceiving, describing, and testing them hard. Software systems have orders-of-magnitude more states than computers do.
Dignity is like a flag. It flaps in a storm.
Dijkstra probably hates me.
Dime is money.
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term, convertible only through the use of weird and unnatural conversion factors. Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
Dinner suggestion #302 (Hacker's De-lite): 1 tin imported Brisling sardines in tomato sauce 1 pouch Chocolate Malt Carnation Instant Breakfast 1 carton milk
Dinosaurs aren't extinct. They've just learned to hide in the trees.
Diogenes went to look for an honest lawyer. "How's it going?", someone asked him, after a few days. "Not too bad", replied Diogenes. "I still have my lantern."
Dio ti ama ("God loves you" in Italian)
Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century. Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggie" until you can find a rock.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
diplomacy, n: Lying in state.
Dirksen's Three Laws of Politics: (1) Get elected. (2) Get re-elected. (3) Don't get mad, get even.
disbar, n: As distinguished from some other bar.
Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be yours too."
DISCLAIMER: Use of this advanced computing technology does not imply an endorsement of Western industrial civilization.
Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
Disco oil bussing will create a throbbing naugahide pipeline running straight to the tropics from the rug producing regions and devalue the dollar!
Disc space -- the final frontier!
(Discussing patents on storylines.) Hopefully someone will patent reality TV shows. I am rather sick of those. Wait no, this wont work. You need to have a story to be able to patent it. Soon all that will be on the air is reality TV. Noooo!
Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
Diseases for Kisses (Hyperkarma): A deeply rooted belief that punishment will somehow always be far greater than the crime: ozone holes for littering. Culture"
Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
Disillusioned words like bullets bark, As human gods aim for their mark, Make everything from toy guns that spark To flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark. It's easy to see without looking too far That not much is really sacred.
Disk crisis, please clean up!
Disks travel in packs.
Dismissed. That's a Star Fleet expression for, "Get out."
Disobedience: The silver lining to the cloud of servitude.
Disposable, use only once.
Disraeli was pretty close: actually, there are Lies, Damn lies, Statistics, Benchmarks, and Delivery dates.
Distance doesn't make you any smaller, but it does make you part of a larger picture.
Distinctive, adj.: A different color or shape than our competitors.
Distress, n.: A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
[District Attorneys] learn in District Attorney School that there are two sure-fire ways to get a lot of favorable publicity: (1) Go down and raid all the lockers in the local high school and confiscate 53 marijuana cigarettes and put them in a pile and hold a press conference where you announce that they have a street value of $850 million. These raids never fail, because ALL high schools, including brand-new, never-used ones, have at least 53 marijuana cigarettes in the lockers. As far as anyone can tell, the locker factory puts them there. (2) Raid an "adult book store" and hold a press conference where you announce you are charging the owner with 850 counts of being a piece of human sleaze. This also never fails, because you always get a conviction. A juror at a pornography trial is not about to state for the record that he finds nothing obscene about a movie where actors engage in sexual activities with live snakes and a fire extinguisher. He is going to convict the bookstore owner, and vote for the death penalty just to make sure nobody gets the wrong impression.
District of Columbia pedestrians who leap over passing autos to escape injury, and then strike the car as they come down, are liable for any damage inflicted on the vehicle.
Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight acquaintance and without any visible reason.
Ditat Deus. [God enriches]
+++ Divide By Cucumber Error. Please Reinstall Universe And Reboot +++
Divorce Assumption: A form of Safety Net-ism, the belief that if a marriage doesn't work out, then there is no problem because partners can simply seek a divorce. Culture"
Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
divorce, n: A change of wife.
"Dock-a-loodle-fod!" (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
Do clones have navels?
[Doctors and Bartenders], We both get the same two kinds of customers
Doctors and lawyers must go to school for years and years, often with little sleep and with great sacrifice to their first wives.
Documentation: Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English speaking persons.
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming. Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted? Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student? Does a good father allow a single child to starve? Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?
Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?
Does biff in bo work coz it biffin doesn't beep an if biff in bo is broke then biff in bo I will delete I've tried biff in bo with 'y' I've tried biff in bo with '-y' no biffin output does it show so poor wee biff is gonna go.
Does not include installation.
Does she think we just want to sit around painting debian swirls on our toenails?
Does someone from PEORIA have a SHORTER ATTENTION span than me?
"Does that look like ten per cent to you, Victor?" (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Does the same as the system call of that name. If you don't know what it does, don't worry about it.
does your DRESSING ROOM have enough ASPARAGUS?
[ ] DOGBERT [ 2 ] RICHARD STALLMAN [ 3 ] BUFFY SUMMERS [ 1 ] MANOJ SRIVASTAVA [ 4 ] NONE of the above
Dogs just don't seem to be able to tell the difference between important people and the rest of us.
Do I have a lifestyle yet?
Doing gets it done.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Do Miami a favor. When you leave, take someone with you.
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.
<donnerjack> Nothing says "I enjoy living with you" like the gift of 3rd degree burns... <Mephron> except, of course, turning his bed into a trebuchet. <Ladegard> That much effort must mean some sort of affection.
"Do not act incautiously when confronting little bald wrinkly smiling men!"
Do not allow this language (Ada) in its present state to be used in applications where reliability is critical, i.e., nuclear power stations, cruise missiles, early warning systems, anti-ballistic missile defense systems. The next rocket to go astray as a result of a programming language error may not be an exploratory space rocket on a harmless trip to Venus: It may be a nuclear warhead exploding over one of our cities. An unreliable programming language generating unreliable programs constitutes a far greater risk to our environment and to our society than unsafe cars, toxic pesticides, or accidents at nuclear power stations.
Do not apply to broken skin.
Do not attempt this in your home.
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
Do not cut switchbacks.
Do not despair of life. You have no doubt force enough to overcome your obstacles. Think of the fox prowling through wood and field in a winter night for something to satisfy his hunger. Notwithstanding cold and hounds and traps, his race survives. I do not believe any of them ever committed suicide.
Do not disturb.
Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you. Their tastes may not be the same.
Do not drink and drive.
Do not drink coffee in early A.M. It will keep you awake until noon.
Do not dry clean.
Do not exceed recommended dosage.
Do not flush.
Do not fold, spindle or mutilate.
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Do not incinerate: contents under pressure.
"Do not lose your knowledge that man's proper estate is an upright posture, an intransigent mind, and a step that travels unlimited roads."
Do not meddle in the affairs of Dragons, for you are crunchy and taste good with ketchup. Source unknown.
Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.
"Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards because a refusal often offends, I read somewhere."
"Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, especially simian ones. They are not all that subtle."
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they become soggy and hard to light.
"Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good with ketchup."
Do not open shrink-wrap until you have read and agreed to the conditions contained within.
Do not overtax your powers.
Do not pick the flowers.
Do not read this fortune under penalty of law. Violators will be prosecuted. (Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a.))
Do not remove tag under penalty of law.
Do not seek death; death will find you. But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.
Do not simplify the design of a program if a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do not stamp.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
Do not try this at home.
Do not try to solve all life's problems at once -- learn to dread each day as it comes.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging.
Do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging. Don't have aesthetic convulsions when using them, either.
Do not use if foil seal is broken.
Do not use if printed inner seal is broken or missing.
Do not use or store near heat or open flame.
Do not use that foreign word "ideals". We have that excellent native word "lies".
Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
Do not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy machinery.
Do not worry about which side your bread is buttered on: you eat BOTH sides.
Do not write below this line.
Do not write in this space.
Don't abandon hope. Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Don't be concerned, it will not harm you, It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of, Across my dreams, with nets of wonder, I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.
Don't be humble ... you're not that great.
Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
"Don't come back until you have him", the Tick-Tock Man said quietly, sincerely, extremely dangerously. They used dogs. They used probes. They used cardio plate crossoffs. They used teepers. They used bribery. They used stick tites. They used intimidation. They used torment. They used torture. They used finks. They used cops. They used search and seizure. They used fallaron. They used betterment incentives. They used finger prints. They used the bertillion system. They used cunning. They used guile. They used treachery. They used Raoul-Mitgong but he wasn't much help. They used applied physics. They used techniques of criminology. And what the hell, they caught him.
Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
Don't confuse things that need action with those that take care of themselves.
Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.
Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
"Don't discount flying pigs before you have good air defense."
Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.
"Don't drop acid, take it pass-fail!"
Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
Don't everyone thank me at once!
Don't expect people to keep in step--it's hard enough just staying in line.
"Don't fear the pen. When in doubt, draw a pretty picture."
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
Don't get even -- get odd!
Don't get mad, get even. Don't get even, get jewelry.
Don't get mad, get interest.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they can be terribly misleading. Debug only code.
Don't get to bragging.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
DON'T go!! I'm not HOWARD COSELL!! I know POLISH JOKES ... WAIT!! Don't go!! I AM Howard Cosell! ... And I DON'T know Polish jokes!!
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
Don't guess -- check your security regulations.
"Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because I'm beautiful, smart and rich."
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.
Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.
Don't hit me!! I'm in the Twilight Zone!!!
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Don't I know you?
Don't interfere with the stranger's style.
Don't kid yourself. Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Don't let go of what you've got hold of, until you have hold of something else.
Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do; don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you; don't let nobody tell you what you got to do, or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow... remember, if you don't follow your dreams, you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Don't let your status become too quo!
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Don't lose Your head To gain a minute You need your head Your brains are in it.
Don't make a big deal out of everything; just deal with everything.
Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.
Don't panic.
Don't plan any hasty moves. You'll be evicted soon anyway.
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because if you enjoy it today, you can do it again tomorrow.
Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
"Don't put your trust in revolutions. They always come around again. That's why they're called revolutions. People die, and nothing changes."
Don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Don't read everything you believe.
Don't relax! It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Don't rely on motivation for anything - it is fleeting and unreliable. Discipline, however, is unyielding - force youself to follow through.
Don't remember what you can infer.
Don't SANFORIZE me!!
Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.
Don't shout for help at night. You might wake your neighbors.
Don't smoke the next cigarette. Repeat.
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't steal... the IRS hates competition!
Don't steal; thou'lt never thus compete successfully in business. Cheat.
Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.
Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
Don't sweat it -- it's only ones and zeros.
Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.
Don't take life so serious, son, it ain't nohow permanent.
"Don't talk to me about disclaimers! I invented disclaimers!"
Don't talk to me about naval tradition. It's nothing but rum, sodomy and the lash.
Don't tell any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
Don't tell me how hard you work. Tell me how much you get done.
"Don't tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to get more wax!!"
Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good. I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
Don't tell me what you dreamed last night for I've been reading Freud.
"Don't think; let the machine do it for you!"
DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING, said Death. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH.
Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
"Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes. I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal."
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes. I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal.
Don’t use a big word when a singularly unloquacious and diminutive linguistic expression will satisfactorily accomplish the contemporary necessity.
Don't vote -- it only encourages them!
Don't wake me up too soon... Gonna take a ride across the moon... You and me.
Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you grow older, it starts avoiding you.
"Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats."
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac; you can always take something for it.
Don't worry. Life's too long.
Don't worry, nobody really LISTENS to lectures in MOSCOW, either! ... FRENCH, HISTORY, ADVANCED CALCULUS, COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, BLACK STUDIES, SOCIOBIOLOGY! ... Are there any QUESTIONS??
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you. They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Don't worry -- the brontosaurus is slow, stupid, and placid.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely want to help you could agree with each other?
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
< doogie> asuffield: how do you think dpkg was originally written? :| < asuffield> by letting iwj get dangerously near a computer
<doogie> cat /dev/random | perl ? <shaleh> doogie: it is also a valid sendmail.cf <doogie> :) * knghtbrd hands doogie a senseless-use-of-cat award * shaleh wants to try it but is afraid
<doogie> Culus: my bug with openssh appears to be fixed in 2.5.2, but master runs 2.3.0 <Culus> Don't even start <doogie> I just did. <Culus> You guys are going to drive me to build a huge giant robot and destroy all of texas, aren't you?
<doogie> Debian - All the power, without the silly hat.
<doogie> dpkg has bugs? no way!
* doogie is turning into manoj <Overfiend> doogie: eventually, we all turn into Manoj <Overfiend> Manoj is Debian's iron <Overfiend> ultimately, we all decay to Manoj
<doogie> joy/elmo: why can't the same ip be used? was this fire so great that it burned the ip address?
<doogie> netgod: 8:42pm is not late. <netgod> doogie: its 2:42am in Joeyland
<doogie> there is one bad thing about having a cell phone. <doogie> I can be reached at any time. :| <wmono> that's why I leave mine off at all times. ;>
<doogie> Thinking is dangerous. It leads to ideas.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Do, or do not; there is no try.
Dopeler effect: The tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly.
Dopeler effect: the tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly. "Style Invitational Report from Week 278" published August 2, 1998
Do people know you have freckles everywhere?
Do people like check the Debian website every 5 minutes to check it hasn't morphed into another one? Not that I'm one to talk, but some people seriously need to get a life
Do people like check the Debian website every 5 minutes to check it hasn't morphed into another one? Not that I'm one to talk, but some people seriously need to get a life.
Dorothy: But how can you talk without a brain? Scarecrow: Well, I don't know... but some people without brains do an awful lot of talking.
DOS Air: All the passengers go out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it until it gets in the air, hop on, jump off when it hits the ground again. Then they grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, et cetera.
DOS Beer: Requires you to use your own can opener, and requires you to read the directions carefully before opening the can. Originally only came in an 8-oz. can, but now comes in a 16-oz. can. However, the can is divided into 8 compartments of 2 oz. each, which have to be accessed separately. Soon to be discontinued, although a lot of people are going to keep drinking it after it's no longer available.
DOS: n., A small annoying boot virus that causes random spontaneous system crashes, usually just before saving a massive project. Easily cured by UNIX. See also MS-DOS, IBM-DOS, DR-DOS.
Do something unusual today. Pay a bill.
Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?
Double!
double-blind experiment, n: An experiment in which the chief researcher believes he is fooling both the subject and the lab assistant. Often accompanied by a strong belief in the tooth fairy.
Double Bucky, you're the one, You make my keyboard so much fun, Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o) Control and meta, side by side, Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide! Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few! Oh, I sure wish that I, Had a couple of bits more! Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four. Double Double Bucky! Double Bucky left and right OR'd together, outta sight! Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of, Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of, Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you! be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use by screen editors. [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]
Double *sigh*. _04 is going onto thousands of CDs even as we speak, so to speak.
double value; /* or your money back! */ short changed; /* so triple your money back! */
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
Do unto others before they undo you.
Do what comes naturally. Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
Do what you can to prolong your life, in the hope that someday you'll learn what it's for.
do { : } while (!HELL_FROZEN_OVER);
Down-Nesting: The tendency of parents to move to smaller, guest-room-free houses after the children have moved away so as to avoid children aged 20 to 30 who have boomeranged home.
Down that path lies madness. On the other hand, the road to hell is paved with melting snowballs.
Down to the Banana Republics, Down to the tropical sun. Go the expatriated Americans, Hoping to find some fun. Some of them go for the sailing, Caught by the lure of the sea. Trying to find what is ailing, Living in the land of the free. Some of them are running from lovers, Leaving no forward address. Some of them are running tons of ganja, Some are running from the IRS. Late at night you will find them, In the cheap hotels and bars. Hustling the senoritas, While they dance beneath the stars.
Down with categorical imperative!
Dow's Law: In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the greater the confusion.
"Do you believe in intuition?" "No, but I have a strange feeling that someday I will."
Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage? Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in? Have you ever eaten an entire moose? Can you see your neck? Do joggers take laps around you for exercise? If so, welcome to National Fat Week. This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign, ...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
Do you guys know we just passed thru a BLACK HOLE in space?
Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?
*** DO YOU HAVE A RESTLESS URGE TO PROGRAM? *** Do you want the instant respect that comes from being able to use technical terms that nobody understands? Do you want to strike fear and loathing into the hearts of DP managers everywhere? If so, then let the Famous Programmers' School lead you on... into the world of professional computer programming. *** IS PROGRAMMING FOR YOU? *** Programming is not for everyone. But, if you have the desire to learn, we can help you get started. All you need is the Famous Programmers' Course and enough money to keep those lessons coming month after month. *** TAKE OUR FREE APTITUDE TEST *** To help determine if you are qualified to be a programmer, take a moment to try this simple test: (1) Write down the numbers from zero to nine and the first six letters of the alphabet (Hint: 0123456789ABCDEF). (2) Whose picture is on the back of a twenty-dollar bill? (3) What is the state capital of Idaho? If you managed to read all three questions without wondering why we asked them, you may have a future as a computer programmer.
Do you have exactly what I want in a plaid poindexter bar bat??
Do you have lysdexia?
Do YOU have redeeming social value?
Do you know about being with somebody? Wanting to be? If I had the whole universe, I'd give it to you, Janice. When I see you, I feel like I'm hungry all over. Do you know how that feels?
- "Do you know, humans think the world was made by a sort of big human?" - "Get away?" - "It took a week." - "I expect it had some help, then,' said Dorcas. (Terry Pratchett, Diggers)
Do you know, I think that Dr. Swift was silly to laugh about Laputa. I believe it is a mistake to make a mock of people, just because they think. There are ninety thousand people in this world who do not think, for every one who does, and these people hate the thinkers like poison. Even if some thinkers are fanciful, it is wrong to make fun of them for it. Better to think about cucumbers even, than not to think at all.
Do you know Montana?
Do you know the difference between a yankee and a damyankee? A yankee comes south to *visit*.
Do you know the difference between education and experience? Education is what you get when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
Do you know the one -- "All I ask is a tall ship, and a star to steer her by ..." You could feel the wind at your back, about you ... the sounds of the sea beneath you. And even if you take away the wind and the water, it's still the same. The ship is yours ... you can feel her ... and the stars are still there.
Do you like "TENDER VITTLES"?
Do you mean that you not only want a wrong answer, but a certain wrong answer?
Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?
Do your otters do the shimmy? Do they like to shake their tails? Do your wombats sleep in tophats? Is your garden full of snails?
Do your part to help preserve life on Earth -- by trying to preserve your own.
Do you suffer painful elimination? Do you suffer painful recrimination? Do you suffer painful illumination? Do you suffer painful hallucination?
Do you think that illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he just whipped out a quarter?
Do you think the "Monkees" should get gas on odd or even days?
"Do you think there's a God?" "Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"
"Do you think what we're doing is wrong?" "Of course it's wrong! It's illegal!" "I've never done anything illegal before." "I thought you said you were an accountant!"
Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want a chance to change the world?
<dpg> americans are weird.... <xtifr> californians even weirder <Knghtbrd> xtifr has a point ...
* dpkg hands stu a huge glass of vbeer * Joey takes the beer from stu, you're too young ;) * Cylord takes the beer from Joey, you're too drunk. * Cylord gives the beer to muggles.
* dpkg ponders: 'C++' should have been called 'D'
<dracus> Ctrl+Option+Command + P + R <Knghtbrd> dracus - YE GODS! That's worse than EMACS! <LauraDax> hehehehe <dracus> don't ask what that does :P
Drakenberg's Discovery: If you can't seem to find your glasses, it's probably because you don't have them on.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Dream on. British TV Is The Best In The World is on a par with the statement about how British Justice Is The Envy Of The World ("Hey, Miguel, how come *we* can't convict innocent people so quickly and expensively?")
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.
Drew's Law of Highway Biology: The first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front of your eyes.
Drilling for oil is boring.
Drink and dance and laugh and lie Love, the reeling midnight through For tomorrow we shall die! (But, alas, we never do.)
Drink Canada Dry! You might not succeed, but it *is* fun trying.
Drinking coffee for instant relaxation? That's like drinking alcohol for instant motor skills.
Drinking is not a spectator sport.
Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin with, that it's compounding a felony.
Drive defensively. Buy a tank.
Driver does not carry cash.
Dr. Jekyll had something to Hyde.
Dr. Livingstone? Dr. Livingstone I. Presume?
<Dr^Nick> SGI_Multitexture is bad voodoo now <Dr^Nick> ARB is good voodoo <witten> no, voodoo rush is bad voodoo :)
Drop in any mailbox.
Drop that pickle!
DROP THE SCYTHE, AND TURN AROUND SLOWLY. (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
drug, n: A substance that, injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper.
Drunks are rarely amusing unless they know some good songs and lose a lot a poker.
Dry clean only.
* Dry-ice can't code his way out of a paper bag <Coderjoe> dry-ice: int main() { ExitPaperBag(); return 0; } <Knghtbrd> Is that how that's done then? *takes notes*
Ducharme's Precept: Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment. Ducharme's Axiom: If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize yourself as part of the problem.
Duckies are fun!
Ducks? What ducks??
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together ...
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued.
Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your fate and captain of your soul.
Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been discontinued.
Due to the closed source development model of XFree it is impossible to support, or even speculate about, features in pre- or beta releases of XFree.
"Dump the condiments. If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good."
Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.
During a fight, a husband threw a bowl of Jello at his wife. She had him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon. In another fight, the wife decked him with a heavy glass pitcher. She's a women who conks to stupor.
During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm. He stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an aggressive Rhode Island Red hopped on top. Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch a Tory!"
During the next two hours, the system will be going up and down several times, often with lin~po_~{po ~poz~ppo\~{ o n~po_~{o[po ~y oodsou>#w4k**n~po_~{ol;lkld;f;g;dd;po\~{o
"During the race We may eat your dust, But when you graduate, You'll work for us."
During the voyage of life, remember to keep an eye out for a fair wind; batten down during a storm; hail all passing ships; and fly your colors proudly.
Dustin Farnum: Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats! Oliver Herford: Wonderful! Wonderful! Clever of you to think of it!
Duty, n: What one expects from others.
DW is based on a slew of old myths, which reach their most 'refined' form in Hindu mythology, which in turn of course derived from the original Star Trek episode 'Planet of Wobbly Rocks where the Security Guard Got Shot'.
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. My advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.
Dying is easy. Comedy is difficult.
Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.
Dyslexics have more fnu.
DYSLEXICS OF THE WORLD, UNTIE!
Each honest calling, each walk of life, has its own elite, its own aristocracy based on excellence of performance. -- James Bryant Conant
Each kiss is as the first. stardate 4842.6
Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.
Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of Reformation. In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe, worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with "icons." All is sound and imagery and Appledom. Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic typefaces. The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen. A central corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices. Infalliable doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs in a sealed boardroom. Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the offender is excommunicated into outer darkness. The expelled heretic founds a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer, then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him. The mother company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
Each of us bears his own Hell.
Each person has the right to take part in the management of public affairs in his country, provided he has prior experience, a will to succeed, a university degree, influential parents, good looks, a curriculum vitae, two 3x4 snapshots, and a good tax record.
Each person has the right to take the subway.
Each team building another component has been using the most recent tested version of the integrated system as a test bed for debugging its piece. Their work will be set back by having that test bed change under them. Of course it must. But the changes need to be quantized. Then each user has periods of productive stability, interrupted by bursts of test-bed change. This seems to be much less disruptive than a constant rippling and trembling.
Eagleson's Law: Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months, might as well have been written by someone else. (Eagleson is an optimist, the real number is more like three weeks.)
EARL GREY PROFILES NAME: Jean-Luc Perriwinkle Picard OCCUPATION: Starship Big Cheese AGE: 94 BIRTHPLACE: Paris, Terra Sector EYES: Grey SKIN: Tanned HAIR: Not much LAST MAGAZINE READ: Lobes 'n' Probes, the Ferengi-Betazoid Sex Quarterly TEA: Earl Grey. Hot. EARL GREY NEVER VARIES.
Earl Wiener, 55, a University of Miami professor of management science, telling the Airline Pilots Association (in jest) about 21st century aircraft: "The crew will consist of one pilot and a dog. The pilot will nurture and feed the dog. The dog will be there to bite the pilot if he touches anything. [the *magazine*, silly!]
Early to bed and early to rise and you'll be groggy when everyone else is wide awake.
Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy, wealthy and dead.
"Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy, wealthy and dead." quote, though. (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends.
Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare -- film clips at eleven.
/earth: file system full.
/earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.
Earth is a beta site.
"Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun."
Earth -- mother of the most beautiful women in the universe.
EARTH smog | bricks AIR -- mud -- FIRE soda water | tequila WATER
Earth Tones: A youthful subgroup interested in vegetarianism, tie-dyed outfits, mild recreational drugs, and good stereo equipment. Earnest, frequently lacking in humor. Culture"
Easiest Color to Solve on a Rubik's Cube: Black. Simply remove all the little colored stickers on the cube, and each of side of the cube will now be the original color of the plastic underneath
Easy come and easy go, some call me easy money, Sometimes life is full of laughs, and sometimes it ain't funny You may think that I'm a fool and sometimes that is true, But I'm goin' to heaven in a flash of fire, with or without you.
Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.
"Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work."
Eat drink and be merry! Tomorrow you may be in Utah.
Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.
Eat right, stay fit, and die anyway.
Eat shit -- billions of flies can't be wrong.
echo $package has manual pages available in source form. echo "However, you don't have nroff, so they're probably useless to you."
echo "Congratulations. You aren't running Eunice."
echo "Hmmm...you don't have Berkeley networking in libc.a..." echo "but the Wollongong group seems to have hacked it in."
echo "ICK, NOTHING WORKED!!! You may have to diddle the includes.";;
echo "Your stdio isn't very std."
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
economics, n.: Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J. K. Galbraith.
Economies of scale: The notion that bigger is better. In particular, that if you want a certain amount of computer power, it is much better to buy one biggie than a bunch of smallies. Accepted as an article of faith by people who love big machines and all that complexity. Rejected as an article of faith by those who love small machines and all those limitations.
economist, n: Someone who's good with figures, but doesn't have enough personality to become an accountant.
Economists can certainly disappoint you. One said that the economy would turn up by the last quarter. Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't.
Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
ECRC hat keine lynx komp. seiten, sowas MUSS ja pleite gehen ;-)=
e-credibility: the non-guaranteeable likelihood that the electronic data you're seeing is genuine rather than somebody's made-up crap.
Edited for television.
Editing is a rewording activity.
<edLin> LWE? <edLin> Linux W?? E?? <seeS> will eatyou <JHM> World Expo? <edLin> i see
Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
"Educational" refers to the process, not the object. Although, come to think of it, some of my teachers could easily have been replaced by a cheeseburger
'Educational' refers to the process, not the object. Although, come to think of it, some of my teachers could easily have been replaced by a cheeseburger.
Educational television should be absolutely forbidden. It can only lead to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with royal-blue chickens.
Education and religion are two things not regulated by supply and demand. The less of either the people have, the less they want.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine.
Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.
Edwin Meese made me wear CORDOVANS!!
Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak!
Eeyore, the old grey Donkey, stood by the side of the stream, and looked at himself in the water. "Pathetic," he said. "That's what it is. Pathetic." He turned and walked slowly down the stream for twenty yards, splashed across it, and walked slowly back on the other side. Then he looked at himself again. "As I thought," he said, "no better from *this* side. But nobody minds. Nobody cares. Pathetic, that's what it is. Has a Birthday and Gets Two Presents"
Eggheads unite! You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English. Many people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from. The first syllable comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg". I don't know where the "nog" comes from. To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine gin and, if they are in season, eggs...
Ego sum ens omnipotens.
Egotism, n: Doing the New York Times crossword puzzle with a pen. Egotist, n: A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
Egotist: A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.
egrep patterns are full regular expressions; it uses a fast deterministic algorithm that sometimes needs exponential space.
Ehrman's Commentary: (1) Things will get worse before they get better. (2) Who said things would get better?
Eh, that's it, I guess. No 300 million dollar unveiling event for this kernel, I'm afraid, but you're still supposed to think of this as the "happening of the century" (at least until the next kernel comes along).
Eh, that's it, I guess. No 300 million dollar unveiling event for this kernel, I'm afraid, but you're still supposed to think of this as the "happening of the century" (at least until the next kernel comes along). Oh, and this is another kernel in that great and venerable "BugFree(tm)" series of kernels. So be not afraid of bugs, but go out in the streets and deliver this message of joy to the masses.
'éí 'aaníígÓÓ 'áhoot'é' ("The truth is far from here" in Navajo)
Eight was also the Number of Bel-Shamharoth, which was why a sensible wizard would never mention the number if he could avoid it. Or you'll be eight alive, apprentices were jocularly warned. Bel-Shamharoth was especially attracted to dabblers in magic who, by being as it were beachcombers on the shores of the unnatural, were already half-enmeshed in his nets. Rincewind's room number in his hall of residence had been 7a. He hadn't been surprised.
Eight years involved with the nuclear industry have taught me that when nothing can possible go wrong and every avenue has been covered, *then* is the time to buy a house on the next continent.
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. No such faith comforts the software engineer.
Eisenhower!! Your mimeograph machine upsets my stomach!!
Either approach may give birth to various sorts of monstrosities.
Either CONFESS now or we go to "PEOPLE'S COURT"!!
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
Either one of us, by himself, is expendable. Both of us are not.
Elbonics, n.: The actions of two people maneuvering for one armrest in a movie theatre.
Eleanor Rigby Sits at the keyboard And waits for a line on the screen Lives in a dream Waits for a signal Finding some code That will make the machine do some more. What is it for? All the lonely users, where do they all come from? All the lonely users, why does it take so long? Hacker MacKensie Writing the code for a program that no one will run It's nearly done Look at him working, fixing the bugs in the night when there's nobody there. What does he care? All the lonely users, where do they all come from? All the lonely users, why does it take so long? Ah, look at all the lonely users. Ah, look at all the lonely users.
Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles, called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been drinking. Electrons travel at the speed of light, which in most American homes is 110 volts per hour. This is very fast. In the time it has taken you to read this sentence so far, an electron could have traveled all the way from San Francisco to Hackensack, New Jersey, although God alone knows why it would want to. The five main kinds of electricity are alternating current, direct current, lightning, static, and European. Most American homes have alternating current, which means that the electricity goes in one direction for a while, then goes in the other direction. This prevents harmful electron buildup in the wires.
ELECTRIC JELL-O 2 boxes JELL-O brand gelatin 2 packages Knox brand unflavored gelatin 2 cups fruit (any variety) 2+ cups water 1/2 bottle Everclear brand grain alcohol Mix JELL-O and Knox gelatin into 2 cups of boiling water. Stir 'til fully dissolved. Pour hot mixture into a flat pan. (JELL-O molds won't work.) Stir in grain alcohol instead of usual cold water. Remove any congealing glops of slime. (Alcohol has an unusual effect on excess JELL-O.) Pour in fruit to desired taste, and to absorb any excess alcohol. Mix in some cold water to dilute the alcohol and make it easier to eat for the faint of heart. Refrigerate overnight to allow mixture to fully harden. (About 8-12 hours.) Cut into squares and enjoy! WARNING: Keep ingredients away from open flame. Not recommended for children under eight years of age.
Electrocution, n.: Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
<Electro> my computer was once one of the building blocks of a great pyramid
Elegance and truth are inversely related.
Elephant, n.: A mouse built to government specifications.
Elevators smell different to midgets.
Eleventh Law of Acoustics: In a minimum-phase system there is an inextricable link between frequency response, phase response and transient response, as they are all merely transforms of one another. This combined with minimalization of open-loop errors in output amplifiers and correct compensation for non-linear passive crossover network loading can lead to a significant decrease in system resolution lost. However, of course, this all means jack when you listen to Pink Floyd.
Eli and Bessie went to sleep. In the middle of the night, Bessie nudged Eli. "Please be so kindly and close the window. It's cold outside!" Half asleep, Eli murmured, "Nu ... so if I'll close the window, will it be warm outside?"
Elliptic paraboloids for sale.
<elmo> Joy: thanks, joy <doogie> elmo: that's redundant, elmo <elmo> doogie: go play in traffic <doogie> ah, the elmo we know and love
<elmo> unclean: err, the admin team do not control the archive, that's the ftp cabal <elmo> get your cabals right, damn it :-P
Eloquence is logic on fire.
<Elric> no BSD fans ? <EvilTypeGuy> Elric: it's hard to be a gamer and a bsd fan :p
#else /* !STDSTDIO */ /* The big, slow, and stupid way */
"Elves and Dragons!" I says to him. "Cabbages and potatoes are better for you and me."
"Elvis is my copilot."
Elwood: What kind of music do you get here ma'am? Barmaid: Why, we get both kinds of music, Country and Western.
Emacs is a nice operating system, but what it lacks, in order to compete with Linux, is a good text editor. — based on https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Emacs
Emacs, n.: A slow-moving parody of a text editor.
"Emberella," thought Magrat. "I'm fairy godmothering a girl who sounds like something you put up in the rain."
E = MC ** 2 +- 3db
"Emergency!" Sgiggs screamed, ejecting himself from the tub like it was a burning car. "Dial 'one'! Get room service! Code red!" Stiggs was on the phone immediately, ordering more rose blossoms, because, according to him, the ones floating in the tub had suddenly lost their smell. "I demand smell," he shrilled. "I expecting total uninterrupted smell from these f*cking roses." Unfortunately, the service captain didn't realize that the Stiggs situation involved fifty roses. "What am I going to do with this?" Stiggs sneered at the weaseling hotel goon when he appeared at our door holding a single flower floating in a brandy glass. Stiggs's tirade was great. "Do you see this bathtub? Do you notice any difference between the size of the tub and the size of that spindly wad of petals in your hand? I need total bath coverage. I need a completely solid layer of roses all around me like puffing factories of smell, attacking me with their smell and power-ramming big stinking concentrations of rose odor up my nostrils until I'm wasted with pleasure." It wasn't long before we got so dissatisfied with this incompetence that we bolted. National Lampoon, October 1982
Emerson's Law of Contrariness: Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can. Having found them, we shall then hate them for it.
Emotional Ketchup Burst: The bottling up of opinions and emotions inside oneself so that they explosively burst forth all at once, shocking and confusing employers and friends -- most of whom thought things were fine. Culture"
Emotions are alien to me. I'm a scientist.
Employees and their families are not eligible.
Employees must wash hands before returning to work.
Encyclopedia for sale by father. Son knows everything.
Encyclopedia Salesmen: Invite them all in. Nip out the back door. Phone the police and tell them your house is being burgled.
Endless Loop, n.: see Loop, Endless. Loop, Endless, n.: see Endless Loop.
Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning Endless the quest; I turn again, back to my own beginning, And here, find rest.
[End of diatribe. We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming...]
<Endy> Actually, I think I'll wait for potato to be finalised before installing debian. <Endy> That should be soon, I'm hoping. :) <knghtbrd> Endy: You obviously know very little about Debian.
<Endy> knghtbrd: QW's netcode is doing strange things to me. :P <knghtbrd> This is unusual? ;> <Endy> Not really. :P
* Endy needs to consult coffee :P <Endy> coffee the bot person, not coffee the beverage :) <knghtbrd> consulting the beverage may help too =>
<Endy> taniwha: Have you TESTED this one? :) <taniwha> Endy: of course not
<Endy> taniwha: Quote material :) <taniwha> Endy: :) <knghtbrd> Endy: I already snipped it
Engineering: "How will this work?" Science: "Why will this work?" Management: "When will this work?" Liberal Arts: "Do you want fries with that?"
"Engineering meets art in the parking lot and things explode."
"Engineering without management is art."
English Burger Lords managed to take any American fast food virtues (the speed with which your food was delivered, for example) and carefully remove them; your food arrived after half an hour, at room temperature, and it was only because of the strip of warm lettuce between them that you could distinguish the burger from the bun. The Burger Lord pathfinder salesmen had been shot 25 minutes after setting foot in France.
English literature's performing flea.
Engram, n.: 1. The physical manifestation of human memory -- "the engram." 2. A particular memory in physical form. [Usage note: this term is no longer in common use. Prior to Wilson and Magruder's historic discovery, the nature of the engram was a topic of intense speculation among neuroscientists, psychologists, and even computer scientists. In 1994 Professors M. R. Wilson and W. V. Magruder, both of Mount St. Coax University in Palo Alto, proved conclusively that the mammalian brain is hardwired to interpret a set of thirty seven genetically transmitted cooperating TECO macros. Human memory was shown to reside in 1 million Q-registers as Huffman coded uppercase-only ASCII strings. Interest in the engram has declined substantially since that time.] 3rd edition, 2007 A.D.
enhance, v.: To tamper with an image, usually to its detriment.
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
Enjoy yourself while you're still old.
Enlightenment The enlightened possess understanding So profound they can not be understood. Because they cannot be understood I can only describe their appearance: Cautious as one crossing thin ice, Undecided as one surrounded by danger, Modest as one who is a guest, Unbounded as melting ice, Genuine as unshaped wood, Broad as a valley, Seamless as muddy water. Who stills the water that the mud may settle, Who seeks to stop that he may travel on, Who desires less than what may transpire, Decays, but will not renew.
Entreprenuer, n.: A high-rolling risk taker who would rather be a spectacular failure than a dismal success.
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
Entropy requires no maintenance.
Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
Envy, n.: Wishing you'd been born with an unfair advantage, instead of having to try and acquire one.
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
E Pluribus Unix
Epperson's law: When a man says it's a silly, childish game, it's probably something his wife can beat him at.
<Epsilon3> Knghtbrd, if we wanted a lameass remark we would have said: Hey, neckro
E pur si muove. ("And still it moves" in Italian, a quote attributed to Galileo)
Equal bytes for women.
* Equivalent code is available from RSA Data Security, Inc. * This code has been tested against that, and is equivalent, * except that you don't need to include two pages of legalese * with every copy.
erehT tuO si hturT ehT ("The Truth is Out There", backwards)
"ER...HO. HO. HO." (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
Eric Raymond: I want to live in a world where software doesn't suck. Richard Stallman: Any software that isn't free sucks. Linus Torvalds: I'm interested in free beer. Richard Stallman: That's okay, as long as I don't have to drink it. I don't like beer.
<``Erik> 18,446,744,073,709,551,616 is a big number
Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company. "Ever since they threatened to fire me."
Error in operator: add beer
Er, Tom, I hate to be the one to point this out, but your fix list is starting to resemble a feature list. You must be human or something.
Es brilig war. Die schlichte Toven Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben; Und aller-mumsige Burggoven Dir mohmen Rath ausgraben.
......... Escape the 'Gates' of Hell `:::' ....... ...... ::: * `::. ::' ::: .:: .:.::. .:: .:: `::. :' ::: :: :: :: :: :: :::. ::: .::. .:: ::. `::::. .:' ::. ...:::.....................::' .::::..
Eschew obfuscation.
"'E's fighting in there!" he stuttered, grabbing the captain's arm. "All by himself?" said the captain. "No, with everyone!" shouted Nobby, hopping from one foot to the other. (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
<Espy> be careful, some twit might quote you <Espy> out of context...
<Espy> I invoke Espy's law, which states that you all suck :P
<Espy_on_crack> "I installed 'Linux 6.1', doesn't that make me a unix guru?" <BenC> Espy_on_crack: no, you have to install it twice before you are a guru...once to prove you can do it, the second to fix the things your broke the first time <Espy_on_crack> oh right, how silly of me
* Espy ponders an uplad queue called 'hell' so I can do dupload --to hell
<Espy> tomorrow there will be a great disturbance in the workforce
<Espy> we need to split main into"core" and "wtf-uses-this"
<Espy> you are baked <knghtbrd> Espy: only half so
Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
"eta prapaganda, americanska, imperialistitstisca, capitalististisca"
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Eternity is a terrible thought. I mean, where's it going to end?
E.T. GO HOME!!! (And take your Smurfs with you.)
Ethnomagnetism: The tendency of young people to live in emotionally demonstrative, more unrestrained ethnic neighborhoods: "You wouldn't understand it there, mother -- they *hug* where I live now." Culture"
Etiquette is for those with no breeding; fashion for those with no taste.
Etymology, n.: Some early etymological scholars came up with derivations that were hard for the public to believe. The term "etymology" was formed from the Latin "etus" ("eaten"), the root "mal" ("bad"), and "logy" ("study of"). It meant "the study of things that are hard to swallow."
Euch ist bekannt, was wir beduerfen; Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
Eudaemonic research proceeded with the casual mania peculiar to this part of the world. Nude sunbathing on the back deck was combined with phone calls to Advanced Kinetics in Costa Mesa, American Laser Systems in Goleta, Automation Industries in Danbury, Connecticut, Arenberg Ultrasonics in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, and Hewlett Packard in Sunnyvale, California, where Norman Packard's cousin, David, presided as chairman of the board. The trick was to make these calls at noon, in the hope that out-to-lunch executives would return them at their own expense. Eudaemonic Enterprises, for all they knew, might be a fast-growing computer company branching out of the Silicon Valley. Sniffing the possibility of high-volume sales, these executives little suspected that they were talking on the other end of the line to a naked physicist crazed over roulette.
Eureka!
"Eureka," he said. "Going to have a bath then?" (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<
Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even a man who is pure at heart, And says his prayers at night Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms, And the moon is full and bright.
Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.
Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
Even historians fail to learn from history -- they repeat the same mistakes.
Even if we put all these nagging thoughts [four embarrassing questions about astrology] aside for a moment, one overriding question remains to be asked. Why would the positions of celestial objects at the moment of birth have an effect on our characters, lives, or destinies? What force or influence, what sort of energy would travel from the planets and stars to all human beings and affect our development or fate? No amount of scientific-sounding jargon or computerized calculations by astrologers can disguise this central problem with astrology -- we can find no evidence of a mechanism by which celestial objects can influence us in so specific and personal a way. . . . Some astrologers argue that there may be a still unknown force that represents the astrological influence. . . .If so, astrological predictions -- like those of any scientific field -- should be easily tested. . . . Astrologers always claim to be just a little too busy to carry out such careful tests of their efficacy, so in the last two decades scientists and statisticians have generously done such testing for them. There have been dozens of well-designed tests all around the world, and astrology has failed every one of them. . . . I propose that we let those beckoning lights in the sky awaken our interest in the real (and fascinating) universe beyond our planet, and not let them keep us tied to an ancient fantasy left over from a time when we huddled by the firelight, afraid of the night. "Why Astrology Believers Should Feel Embarrassed," San Jose Mercury News, May 8, 1988
Even if you aren't in doubt, consider the mental welfare of the person who has to maintain the code after you, and who will probably put parens in the wrong place. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
Even if you can deceive people about a product through misleading statements, sooner or later the product will speak for itself.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there."
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
"Even if you want no state, or a minimal state, then you still have to argue it point by point. Especially since most minimalists want to keep exactly the economic and police system that keeps them privileged. That's libertarians for you -- anarchists who want police protection from their slaves!"
Even in the moment of our earliest kiss, When sighed the straitened bud into the flower, Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this; And that I knew, though not the day and hour. Too season-wise am I, being country-bred, To tilt at autumn or defy the frost: Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did, I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost." I only hoped, with the mild hope of all Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree, A fairer summer and a later fall Than in these parts a man is apt to see, And sunny clusters ripened for the wine: I tell you this across the blackened vine. Our Earliest Kiss", 1931
Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.
Even more amazing was the realization that God has Internet access. I wonder if He has a full newsfeed?
Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
Even the clearest and most perfect circumstantial evidence is likely to be at fault, after all, and therefore ought to be received with great caution. Take the case of any pencil, sharpened by any woman; if you have witnesses, you will find she did it with a knife; but if you take simply the aspect of the pencil, you will say that she did it with her teeth.
Even the most irrational people usually think they are logical thinkers. ( https://thewml.github.io/amigojapan-site/Self_quotes.html )
Even though they raised the rate for first class mail in the United States we really shouldn't complain -- it's still only two cents a day. [and getting better! Soon it'll be down to a penny a day!]
Events are not affected, they develop.
Even with nougat you can have a perfect moment.
Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?
Ever feel like you're the head pin on life's bowling alley, and everyone's rolling strikes?
"Ever free-climbed a thousand foot vertical cliff with 60 pounds of gear strapped to your butt?" "No." "'Course you haven't, you fruit-loop little geek." [ditto]
Ever get the feeling that the world's on tape and one of the reels is missing?
>Ever heard of .cshrc? That's a city in Bosnia. Right?
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?
Ever notice that the word "therapist" breaks down into "the rapist"? Simple coincidence? Maybe...
Ever Onward! Ever Onward! That's the sprit that has brought us fame. We're big but bigger we will be, We can't fail for all can see, that to serve humanity Has been our aim. Our products now are known in every zone. Our reputation sparkles like a gem. We've fought our way thru And new fields we're sure to conquer, too For the Ever Onward IBM!
Ever since I was a young boy, I've hacked the ARPA net, From Berkeley down to Rutgers, He's on my favorite terminal, Any access I could get, He cats C right into foo, But ain't seen nothing like him, His disciples lead him in, On any campus yet, And he just breaks the root, That deaf, dumb, and blind kid, Always has full SYS-PRIV's, Sure sends a mean packet. Never uses lint, That deaf, dumb, and blind kid, Sure sends a mean packet. He's a UNIX wizard, There has to be a twist. The UNIX wizard's got Ain't got no distractions, Unlimited space on disk. Can't hear no whistles or bells, How do you think he does it? Can't see no message flashing, I don't know. Types by sense of smell, What makes him so good? Those crazy little programs, The proper bit flags set, That deaf, dumb, and blind kid, Sure sends a mean packet.
Ever since prehistoric times, wise men have tried to understand what, exactly, make people laugh. That's why they were called "wise men." All the other prehistoric people were out puncturing each other with spears, and the wise men were back in the cave saying: "How about: Would you please take my wife? No. How about: Here is my wife, please take her right now. No How about: Would you like to take something? My wife is available. No. How about ..."
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
Ever wondered about the origins of the term "bugs" as applied to computer technology? U.S. Navy Capt. Grace Murray Hopper has firsthand explanation. The 74-year-old captain, who is still on active duty, was a pioneer in computer technology during World War II. At the C.W. Post Center of Long Island University, Hopper told a group of Long Island public school adminis- trators that the first computer "bug" was a real bug--a moth. At Harvard one August night in 1945, Hopper and her associates were working on the "granddaddy" of modern computers, the Mark I. "Things were going badly; there was something wrong in one of the circuits of the long glass-enclosed computer," she said. "Finally, someone located the trouble spot and, using ordinary tweezers, removed the problem, a two-inch moth. From then on, when anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it." Hopper said that when the veracity of her story was questioned recently, "I referred them to my 1945 log book, now in the collection of the Naval Surface Weapons Center, and they found the remains of that moth taped to the page in question." [actually, the term "bug" had even earlier usage in regard to problems with radio hardware. Ed.]
Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?
Ever wonder why fire engines are red? Because newspapers are read too. Two and Two is four. Four and four is eight. Eight and four is twelve. There are twelve inches in a ruler. Queen Mary was a ruler. Queen Mary was a ship. Ships sail the sea. There are fishes in the sea. Fishes have fins. The Finns fought the Russians. Russians are red. Fire engines are always rush'n. Therefore fire engines are red.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that called for a small employee contribution. The company was paying all the rest. Unfortunately, 100% employee participation was needed; otherwise the plan was off. Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded and cajoled, but to no avail. Sam said the plan would never pay off. Finally the company president called Sam into his office. "Sam," he said, "here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's a pen. I want you to sign the papers. I'm sorry, but if you don't sign, you're fired. As of right now." Sam signed the papers immediately. "Now," said the president, "would you mind telling me why you couldn't have signed earlier?" "Well, sir," replied Sam, "nobody explained it to me quite so clearly before."
Everybody gets free BORSCHT!
Everybody has something to conceal.
Everybody is going somewhere!! It's probably a garage sale or a disaster Movie!!
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
"Everybody is talking about the weather but nobody does anything about it."
Everybody knows that the dice are loaded. Everybody rolls with their fingers crossed. Everybody knows the war is over. Everybody knows the good guys lost. Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay poor, the rich get rich. That's how it goes. Everybody knows. Everybody knows that the boat is leaking. Everybody knows the captain lied. Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog just died. Everybody talking to their pockets. Everybody wants a box of chocolates and long stem rose. Everybody knows. Everybody knows that you love me, baby. Everybody knows that you really do. Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or two. Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people you just had to meet without your clothes. And everybody knows. And everybody knows it's now or never. Everybody knows that it's me or you. And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two. Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton for you ribbons and bows. And everybody knows. And everybody knows that the Plague is coming. Everybody knows that it's moving fast. Everybody knows that the naked man and woman. Are just a shining artifact of the past. Everybody knows the scene is dead. But there's gonna be a meter on your bed. That will disclose. What everybody knows. And everybody knows that you're in trouble. Everybody knows what you've been through. From the bloody cross on top of Calvary. To the beach of Malibu. Everybody knows it's coming apart. Take one last look at this Sacred Heart. Before it blows. And everybody knows.
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
Every cloud has a silver lining; you should have sold it, and bought titanium.
Every company complaining about Microsoft's business practices is simply a rose bush. They look lovely and smell nice. Once a lucky company dethrones Microsoft they will shed their petals to expose the thorns underneath. A thorn by any other name would hurt as much.
Every country has the government it deserves.
Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable, urge to punt.
Every day it's the same thing -- variety. I want something different.
"Every group has a couple of experts. And every group has at least one idiot. Thus are balance and harmony (and discord) maintained. It's sometimes hard to remember this in the bulk of the flamewars that all of the hassle and pain is generally caused by one or two highly-motivated, caustic twits."
Every Horse has an Infinite Number of Legs (proof by intimidation): Horses have an even number of legs. Behind they have two legs, and in front they have fore-legs. This makes six legs, which is certainly an odd number of legs for a horse. But the only number that is both even and odd is infinity. Therefore, horses have an infinite number of legs. Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere, there is a horse that has a finite number of legs. But that is a horse of another color, and by the lemma ["All horses are the same color"], that does not exist.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
Every living thing wants to survive.
Every love's the love before In a duller dress.
"Every man has his price. Mine is $3.95."
Every man is apt to form his notions of things difficult to be apprehended, or less familiar, from their analogy to things which are more familiar. Thus, if a man bred to the seafaring life, and accustomed to think and talk only of matters relating to navigation, enters into discourse upon any other subject; it is well known, that the language and the notions proper to his own profession are infused into every subject, and all things are measured by the rules of navigation: and if he should take it into his head to philosophize concerning the faculties of the mind, it cannot be doubted, but he would draw his notions from the fabric of the ship, and would find in the mind, sails, masts, rudder, and compass.
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Every man thinks God is on his side. The rich and powerful know that he is.
Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged. The natural inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
"Every morning, I get up and look through the 'Forbes' list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work"
Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up. It knows it must run faster than the fastest lion or it will be killed. Every morning a lion wakes up. It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death. It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes up, you'd better be running.
Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.
Every night my prayers I say, And get my dinner every day; And every day that I've been good, I get an orange after food. The child that is not clean and neat, With lots of toys and things to eat, He is a naughty child, I'm sure-- Or else his dear papa is poor.
Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis. It makes sense, when you don't think about it.
Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had to be taught how not to. So it is with the great programmers.
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement.
Everyone has a purpose in life. Perhaps yours is watching television.
Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
Everyone is a genius. It's just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
"Everyone is entitled to an *informed* opinion."
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
Everyone is in the best seat.
Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
Everyone *knows* cats are on a higher level of existence. These silly humans are just too big-headed to admit their inferiority. Just think what a nicer world this would be if it were controlled by cats. You wouldn't see cats having waste disposal problems. They're neat. They don't have sexual hangups. A cat gets horny, it does something about it. They keep reasonable hours. You *never* see a cat up before noon. They know how to relax. Ever heard of a cat with an ulcer? What are the chances of a cat starting a nuclear war? Pretty negligible. It's not that they can't, they just know that there are much better things to do with ones time. Like lie in the sun and sleep. Or go exploring the world.
Everyone knows that dragons don't exist. But while this simplistic formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the scientific mind. The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact wholly unconcerned with what does exist. Indeed, the banality of existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to discuss it any further here. The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical. They were all, one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely different way ...
Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so! But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and when they aren't. When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying. When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying. When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying. When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!
"Everyone's head is a cheap movie show."
Everyone's heard of Erwin Schrodinger's famous thought experiment. You put a cat in a box with a bottle of poison, which many people would suggest is about as far as you need to go.
Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.
Everyone talks about apathy, but no one does anything about it.
Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes to get them.
Everyone was born right-handed. Only the greatest overcome it.
Everyone who comes in here wants three things: (1) They want it quick. (2) They want it good. (3) They want it cheap. I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
Everyone who comes in here wants three things: 1. They want it quick. 2. They want it good. 3. They want it cheap. I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
Everyone writes on the walls except me. -Said to be graffiti seen in Pompeii
Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he sees in it. I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
Every path has its puddle.
Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
Every procedure for getting a cat to take a pill works fine -- once. Like the Borg, they learn...
Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one instruction -- from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.
Every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was written and another for which it wasn't.
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
"Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper .... everyone was eating paper and a policeman was at the door. Now all you have to do is bend a disk." commenting on the benefits of using computers in support of their movement
Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper ... everyone was eating paper and a policeman was at the door. Now all you have to do is bend a disk. commenting on the benefits of using computers in support of their movement.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".
Everything Dies
Everything ends badly. Otherwise it wouldn't end.
Everything I like is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
Everything in this book may be wrong.
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.
Everything is farther away than it used to be. It is even twice as far to the corner and they have added a hill. I have given up running for the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to. It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old days. And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers? There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everbody speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them. The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces. And the sizes don't run the way they used to. The 12's and 14's are so much smaller. Even people are changing. They are so much younger than they used to be when I was their age. On the other hand people my age are so much older than I am. I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much that she didn't recognize me. I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection. Really now, they don't even make good mirrors like they used to. Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"
Everything is possible. Pass the word.
Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being that a belch is more satisfying.
Everything might be different in the present if only one thing had been different in the past.
...everything on this earth has a purpose, every disease an herb to cure it, and every person a mission. This is the Indian theory of existence. Mourning Dove, (Salish 1888-1936)
Everything's great in this good old world; (This is the stuff they can always use.) God's in his heaven, the hill's dew-pearled; (This will provide for baby's shoes.) Hunger and War do not mean a thing; Everything's rosy where'er we roam; Hark, how the little birds gaily sing! (This is what fetches the bacon home.)
Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.
Everything should be built top-down, except this time.
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler."
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Everything starts somewhere, though many physicists disagree. But people have always been dimly aware of the problem with the start of things. They wonder how the snowplough driver gets to work, or how the makers of dictionaries look up the spelling of words.
Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
Everything that can be invented has been invented.
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
Everything you know is wrong!
Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less obvious as you begin to study the universe. For example, there are no solids in the universe. There's not even a suggestion of a solid. There are no absolute continuums. There are no surfaces. There are no straight lines.
Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.
Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!
Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.
Every time you manage to close the door on Reality, it comes in through the window.
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
Everywhere I look I see NEGATIVITY and ASPHALT ...
Everywhere you go you'll see them searching, Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain, Everyone is looking for the answer, Well look again.
Every why hath a wherefore.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is the best one.
Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things.
"Evil does seek to maintain power by suppressing the truth." "Or by misleading the innocent." stardate 5029.5.
Evil isn't all bad.
Evil is that which one believes of others. It is a sin to believe evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
<evilkalla> heh, I never took a coding class <evilkalla> or a graphics class <evilkalla> or a software design class <vegan> and it shows :P
Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact. Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it. ... Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.
Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.
Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around the sun. At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact. That all present life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is as firmly established as Copernican cosmology. Biologists differ only with respect to theories about how the process operates.
Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around the sun. At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact. That all present life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is as firmly established as Copernican cosmology. Biologists differ only with respect to theories about how the process operates. The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 128-131
<ew73> I have discovered another benefit to the unemployed status! <ew73> I can cook whenever I want. <sili> ew73: cooking with… imagination? <ew73> sili: I'm actually quite good at teh cookingz. <sili> ew73: ARE YOU GOOD PROGRAMMAR 2/ <ew73> no :( <sili> I guess that explains why you're unemployed :p <ew73> That was mean! <sili> it's not like I stole your bike <ew73> That also would be mean. <phroggy> good cooking impresses the ladies a lot more than good programming. <utopia_> depends on the lady <phroggy> (any present female company excepted, of course) <jdv79> phroggy: except when you don't have any money <ew73> phroggy: But imagine, a good cook AND a good programmer. <sili> I can cook some stuff. <phroggy> jdv79: yeah, that nixes the deal. I have that problem too. <jdv79> its a start <ew73> "Here's my recipe for mushroom stir-fry. And HERE's the source for my nutritional database system." <phroggy> haha <jim> ew73: so when you load the data model, do you get the recipe free? <ew73> jim: Geek. * jim looks around… <jim> like yer any different :)
Exact change only.
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for even the greatest fool may ask more the wisest man can answer.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
Excellence is THE trend of the '80s. Walk into any shopping mall bookstore, go to the rack where they keep the best-sellers such as "Garfield Gets Spayed", and you'll see a half-dozen books telling you how to be excellent: "In Search of Excellence", "Finding Excellence", "Grasping Hold of Excellence", "Where to Hide Your Excellence at Night So the Cleaning Personnel Don't Steal It", etc.
Excellent day for drinking heavily. Spike the office water cooler.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
Except for Great Britain. According to ISO 9166 and Internet reality Great Britain's toplevel domain should be _gb_. Instead, Great Britain and Nortern Ireland (the United Kingdom) use the toplevel domain _uk_. They drive on the wrong side of the road, too.
Exceptions prove the rule, and wreck the budget.
Excerpt from a conversation between a customer support person and a customer working for a well-known military-affiliated research lab: Support: "You're not our only customer, you know." Customer: "But we're one of the few with tactical nuclear weapons."
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
Excitement and danger await your induction to tracer duty! As a tracer, you must rid the computer networks of slimy, criminal data thieves. They are tricky and the action gets tough, so watch out! Utilizing all your skills, you'll either get your man or you'll get burned!
Excuse me, but didn't I tell you there's NO HOPE for the survival of OFFSET PRINTING?
Excusing bad programming is a shooting offence, no matter _what_ the circumstances.
Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
Execution If people were not afraid of death, Then what would be the use of an executioner? If people were only afraid of death, And you executed everyone who did not obey, No one would dare to disobey you. Then what would be the use of an executioner? People fear death because death is an instrument of fate. When people are killed by execution rather than by fate, This is like carving wood in the place of a carpenter. Those who carve wood in place of a carpenter Often injure their hands.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what is wrong with it.
<ExMachina> glQuakeIIIRendererMode(GL_TRUE) <Knghtbrd> ExMachina: isn't that part of the extension which provides glDriverBugs(GL_FALSE); ? <Siigron> Knghtbrd: no, glDriverBugs() is part of EXT_help_me. <Siigron> which also contains glMakeItWork(GL_PLEASE);
Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Expedience is the best teacher.
Expense Accounts, n.: Corporate food stamps.
Experience Experience is a riverbed, Its source hidden, forever flowing: Its entrance, the root of the world, The Way moves within it: Draw upon it; it will not run dry.
"Experience has proved that some people indeed know everything."
Experience has taught me that you feel better on a flight if you avoid chicken fat in plastic sauce. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Experience is the worst teacher. It always gives the test first and the instruction afterward.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else.
Experience, n.: Something you don't get until just after you need it.
Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye, particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.
Expert, n.: Someone who comes from out of town and shows slides.
Exporting beer from Finnland doesn't seem to be that much of a hassle, as the Lenigrad Cowboys brought a lot of their brew to the concerts in Austria.
Extract from Official Sweepstakes Rules: NO PURCHASE REQUIRED TO CLAIM YOUR PRIZE To claim your prize without purchase, do the following: (a) Carefully cut out your computer-printed name and address from upper right hand corner of the Prize Claim Form. (b) Affix computer-printed name and address -- with glue or cellophane tape (no staples or paper clips) -- to a 3x5 inch index card. (c) Also cut out the "No" paragraph (lower left hand corner of Prize Claim Form) and affix it to the 3x5 card below your address label. (d) Then print on your 3x5 card, above your computer-printed name and address the words "CARTER & VAN PEEL SWEEPSTAKES" (Use all capital letters.) (e) Finally place 3x5 card (without bending) into a plain envelope [NOTE: do NOT use the Official Prize Claim and CVP Perfume Reply Envelope or you may be disqualified], and mail to: CVP, Box 1320, Westbury, NY 11595. Print this address correctly. Comply with above instructions carefully and completely or you may be disqualified from receiving your prize.
Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof. There are many examples of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies, but they prevailed with irrefutable data. More often, egregious findings that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts. I have argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness," and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of neuroscience. Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves offer more plausible alternatives. Implications for Psi Phenomena".
Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof. There are many examples of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies, but they prevailed with irrefutable data. More often, egregious findings that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts. I have argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness," and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of neuroscience. Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves offer more plausible alternatives. Psi Phenomena", The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 163-171
Extra Peculiar Did you watch Uri Geller's show last night? He said that if anything extraordinary happened at home during the show, people should phone in, or report it at his website. During the entire show I was installing Hebrew Windows XP for my mother-in-law, and something extraordinary did happen. The operating system got installed, came up, ran without a glitch. Should I report this to Uri? khatul's comment: Without a glitch, huh? Apparently you (and Uri) managed to install Linux from a Windows XP installation CD. This is much more than telekinesis. It smells like pure alien intervention. Report immediately!
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
Extreme feminine beauty is always disturbing.
Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice... moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue.
Exxon's 'Universe of Energy' tends to the peculiar rather than the humorous ... After [an incomprehensible film montage about wind and sun and rain and strip mines and] two or three minutes of mechanical confusion, the seats locomote through a short tunnel filled with clock-work dinosaurs. The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face. "One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to aggravate illusions. Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like, but Exxon has decided they smelled bad. "At the other end of Dino Ditch ... there's a final, very addled message about facing challengehood tomorrow-wise. I dozed off during this, but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with energy policy and neither do you."
Eye have a spelling chequer It came with my pea sea It plainly marques four my revue Miss steaks eye kin knot sea. Eye strike a key and type a word And weight four it two say Weather eye am wrong oar write. It shows me strait a weigh. As soon as a mist ache is maid It nose bee fore two long and eye can put the error rite. Its rare lea ever wrong. Eye have run this poem threw it I am shore your pleased two no Its letter perfect awl the weigh My chequer tolled me sew.
<f00Dave> Look, rejects, this is #OpenGL, not #GEEKSEX.
* f00li5h installs q-mail * dazjorz installs f00li5h * Zaba installs dazjorz <jeeger> qmail installs f00li5h <jeeger> In soviet russia … <jeeger> Software installs YOU! * dazjorz rm -rf zaba * f00li5h is in Soviet Australia
FABRICATI DIEM, PVNC. (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
FACILITY REJECTED 100044200000;
Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.
Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.
"Facts are stupid things." (a blooper from his speech at the '88 GOP convention)
Facts are the enemy of truth.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Failed Attempts To Break Records In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break the world shouting record by two and a half decibels. "I am not surprised he failed," his wife said afterwards. "He's really a very quiet man and doesn't even shout at me." In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours. His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace. "People complained I was too noisy," he said. In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes. "It was raining heavily and my drone got waterlogged," he said. A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000 dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978. 97,500 dominoes had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
Fairy Tale, n.: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Faith is under the left nipple.
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.
"Faith: not *wanting* to know what is true."
Fakir, n: A psychologist whose charismatic data have inspired almost religious devotion in his followers, even though the sources seem to have shinnied up a rope and vanished.
Falling in love is a lot like dying. You never get to do it enough to become good at it.
"Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint."
Falling in Love When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in love. You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air, and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place. Unfortunately, these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a good idea to check with your doctor.
Falling rock.
falsie salesman, n: Fuller bust man.
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion.
Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.
Familiarity breeds attempt.
Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children.
Families, when a child is born Want it to be intelligent. I, through intelligence, Having wrecked my whole life, Only hope the baby will prove Ignorant and stupid. Then he will crown a tranquil life By becoming a Cabinet Minister
Famous, adj.: Conspicuously miserable.
Famous last words:
Famous last words: (1) Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix. (2) Let's take the shortcut, he can't see us from there. (3) What happens if you touch these two wires tog-- (4) We won't need reservations. (5) It's always sunny there this time of the year. (6) Don't worry, it's not loaded. (7) They'd never (be stupid enough to) make him a manager. (8) Don't worry! Women love it!
Famous last words: (1) "Don't worry, I can handle it." (2) "You and what army?" (3) "If you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't be a cop."
Famous quotations: " " " " " "
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
"Fantasies are free." "NO!! NO!! It's the thought police!!!!"
Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can.
Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free. Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space. In those days, spirits were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri. And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus was the Empire forged.
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Farewell we call to hearth and hall! Though wind may blow and rain may fall, We must away ere break of day Far over wood and mountain tall. To Rivendell, where Elves yet dwell In glades beneath the misty fell, Through moor and waste we ride in haste, And whither then we cannot tell. With foes ahead, behind us dread, Beneath the sky shall be our bed, Until at last our toil be passed, Our journey done, our errand sped. We must away! We must away! We ride before the break of day!
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun. Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea ...
Fascinating, a totally parochial attitude.
Fascinating is a word I use for the unexpected.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
Fast, cheap, good: pick two.
... faster BogoMIPS calculations (yes, it now boots 2 seconds faster than it used to: we're considering changing the name from "Linux" to "InstaBOOT"
Fast ship? You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
Fatal Error: Found [MS-Windows] System -> Repartitioning Disk for Linux... (By cbbrown@io.org, Christopher Browne)
Fate Who is brave and bold will perish; Who is brave and subtle will benefit. The subtle profit where the bold perish For Fate does not honour daring. And even the sage dares not tempt fate. Fate does not attack, yet all things are conquered by it; It does not ask, yet all things answer to it; It does not call, yet all things meet it; It does not plan, yet all things are determined by it. Fate's net is vast and its mesh is coarse, Yet none escape it.
Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!
Fats Loves Madelyn.
Fay: The British police force used to be run by men of integrity. Truscott: That is a mistake which has been rectified.
Fear and loathing, my man, fear and loathing.
Fear is the greatest salesman.
feature, n: A surprising property of a program. Occasionaly documented. To call a property a feature sometimes means the author did not consider that case, and the program makes an unexpected, though not necessarily wrong response. See BUG. "That's not a bug, it's a feature!" A bug can be changed to a feature by documenting it.
Feb 5 13:27:01 trinity lp0 on fire problem with my printer (ie, it was out of ink)
Federal grants are offered for... research into the recreation potential of interplanetary space travel for the culturally disadvantaged.
Federal law prohibits dispensing without a prescription.
Feel disillusioned? I've got some great new illusions, right here!
Feel free to contact me (flames about my english and the useless of this driver will be redirected to /dev/null, oh no, it's full...).
Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, "Oh, no, it's Microsoft!"
Feeling my way through the darkness Guided by a beating heart I can't tell where the journey will end But I know where to start They tell me I'm too young to understand They say I'm caught up in a dream Life will pass me by if I don't open up my eyes Well that's fine by me So wake me up when it's all over When I'm wiser and I'm older All this time I was finding myself And I didn't know I was lost I tried carrying the weight of the world But I only have two hands I hope I get the chance to travel the world But I don't have any plans Wish that I could stay forever this young Not afraid to close my eyes Life's a game made for everyone And love is the prize
FEELINGS are cascading over me!!!
Fehlermeldung von StarOffice: Das Dokument wurde fuer den Drucker Generic PostScript Printer formatiert. Der Drucker ist nicht vorhanden. Soll der Standarddrucker Generic PostScript Printer verwendet werden? Ob Programme schizophren werden koennen?
Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature, An endothermic quadroped, carnivorous by nature. Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses. I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations, A singular development of cat communications That obviates your basic hedonistic predelection For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection. A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents: You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance; And when not being utilitized to aid in locomotion, It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion. Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array. And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend, I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
Fellow programmer, greetings! You are reading a letter which will bring you luck and good fortune. Just mail (or UUCP) ten copies of this letter to ten of your friends. Before you make the copies, send a chip or other bit of hardware, and 100 lines of 'C' code to the first person on the list given at the bottom of this letter. Then delete their name and add yours to the bottom of the list. Don't break the chain! Make the copy within 48 hours. Gerald R. of San Diego failed to send out his ten copies and woke the next morning to find his job description changed to "COBOL programmer." Fred A. of New York sent out his ten copies and within a month had enough hardware and software to build a Cray dedicated to playing Zork. Martha H. of Chicago laughed at this letter and broke the chain. Shortly thereafter, a fire broke out in her terminal and she now spends her days writing documentation for IBM PC's. Don't break the chain! Send out your ten copies today!
Felson's Law: To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
fenderberg, n.: The large glacial deposits that form on the insides of car fenders during snowstorms.
Ferguson's Precept: A crisis is when you can't say "let's forget the whole thing."
Fertility is hereditary. If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.
Fess: Well, you must admit there is something innately humorous about a man chasing an invention of his own halfway across the galaxy. Rod: Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure. But after all, isn't that the basic difference between robots and humans? Fess: What, the ability to form imaginary constructs? Rod: No, the ability to get hung up on them.
Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors d'oeuvres. Festivity Level 2: Your guests are talking loudly -- sometimes to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres. Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when the little hammers strike. Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning Christmas tree. The piano is missing. You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level 4. The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.
Fewer birds could sit more meekly than the Lancre wowhawk, or lappet-faced worrier, a carnivore permanently on the lookout for the vegetarian option.
"Few sins are less forgivable in polite society than offering poor people products they actively seek."
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Fidelity, n.: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Fiery energy lanced out, but the beams struck an intangible wall between the Gubru and the rapidly turning Earth ship. "Water!" it shrieked as it read the spectral report. "A barrier of water vapor! A civilized race could not have found such a trick in the Library! A civilized race could not have stooped so low! A civilized race would not have..." It screamed as the Gubru ship hit a cloud of drifting snowflakes.
Fifteen men on a dead man's chest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum! Drink and the devil had done for the rest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
Fifth Law of Applied Terror: If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book. Corollary: If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
Fifth Law of Procrastination: Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that there is nothing important to do.
Fifty flippant frogs Walked by on flippered feet And with their slime they made the time Unnaturally fleet.
Fights between cats and dogs are prohibited by statute in Barber, North Carolina.
File cabinet: A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.
filibuster, n.: Throwing your wait around.
--> FilipeMendes has joined #perl <FilipeMendes> any way to avoid having users running perl? I need specify who can or who can not <dondelelcaro> FilipeMendes: uh… why? <FilipeMendes> security purposes <mauke> haha <mauke> chmod 0 /usr/bin/perl <dondelelcaro> question repeated, with more emphasis and incredulity <FilipeMendes> i want specify some users <Caelum> FilipeMendes: why would you not want users running perl? <FilipeMendes> chmod wouldnt be useful <dkr> FilipeMendes: chmod 750 /usr/bin/perl; chgrp leet /usr/bin/perl; and put the leet people in that group ? <FilipeMendes> hmmm <dondelelcaro> you realize that any user who wants can just stick their own perl executable there? <go|dfish> FilipeMendes: ACL , maybe. <dkr> also your system scripts might rely on it <dondelelcaro> (and probably all of the users actually end up using perl?) <dkr> modify the perl code to have it exit based on checking a uid whitelist. :) <dkr> change the name to something obscure only the cool people know <mauke> _perl <dkr> realize that removing tools does not remove abilities and give up <mauke> the _ means it's private! <dkr> mauke: :D
Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
Filmed before a live audience.
Finagle's Creed: Science is true. Don't be misled by facts.
Finagle's Eighth Law: If an experiment works, something has gone wrong. Finagle's Ninth Law: No matter what results are expected, someone is always willing to fake it. Finagle's Tenth Law: No matter what the result someone is always eager to misinterpret it. Finagle's Eleventh Law: No matter what occurs, someone believes it happened according to his pet theory.
Finagle's First Law: If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
Finagle's First Law: To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start. Finagle's Second Law: Always keep a record of data -- it indicates you've been working. Finagle's Fourth Law: Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes it worse. Finagle's Fifth Law: Always draw your curves, then plot your readings. Finagle's Sixth Law: Don't believe in miracles -- rely on them.
Finagle's Second Law: No matter what the anticipated result, there will always be someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or (c) believe it happened according to his own pet theory.
Finagle's Seventh Law: The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.
Finagle's Third Law: In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct, beyond all need of checking, is the mistake Corollaries: (1) Nobody whom you ask for help will see it. (2) The first person who stops by, whose advice you really don't want to hear, will see it immediately.
Finality is death. Perfection is finality. Nothing is perfect. There are lumps in it.
Finally, Zippy drives his 1958 RAMBLER METROPOLITAN into the faculty dining room.
Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture on a rock.
Finding the occasional straw of truth awash in a great ocean of confusion and bamboozle requires intelligence, vigilance, dedication and courage. But if we don't practice these tough habits of thought, we cannot hope to solve the truly serious problems that face us -- and we risk becoming a nation of suckers, up for grabs by the next charlatan who comes along. February 1, 1987
Fine day for friends. So-so day for you.
Fine day to work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Fine's Corollary: Functionality breeds Contempt.
Finish the sentence below in 25 words or less: "Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good ..." Mail your answer along with the top half of your supervisor to: P.O. Box 35 Baffled Greek, Michigan
finlandia:~> apropos win win: nothing appropriate.
Finster's Law: A closed mouth gathers no feet.
"...'fire' does not matter, 'earth' and 'air' and 'water' do not matter. 'I' do not matter. No word matters. But man forgets reality and remembers words. The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him. He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time. Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he knows them in the naming."
... "fire" does not matter, "earth" and "air" and "water" do not matter. "I" do not matter. No word matters. But man forgets reality and remembers words. The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him. He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time. Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he knows them in the naming.
First, a few words about tools. Basically, a tool is an object that enables you to take advantage of the laws of physics and mechanics in such a way that you can seriously injure yourself. Today, people tend to take tools for granted. If you're ever walking down the street and you notice some people who look particularly smug, the odds are that they are taking tools for granted. If I were you, I'd walk right up and smack them in the face.
First as to speech. That privilege rests upon the premise that there is no proposition so uniformly acknowledged that it may not be lawfully challenged, questioned, and debated. It need not rest upon the further premise that there are no propositions that are not open to doubt; it is enough, even if there are, that in the end it is worse to suppress dissent than to run the risk of heresy. Hence it has been again and again unconditionally proclaimed that there are no limits to the privilege so far as words seek to affect only the hearers' beliefs and not their conduct. The trouble is that conduct is almost always based upon some belief, and that to change the hearer's belief will generally to some extent change his conduct, and may even evoke conduct that the law forbids. [cf. Learned Hand, The Spirit of Liberty, University of Chicago Press, 1952; The Art and Craft of Judging: The Decisions of Judge Learned Hand, edited and annotated by Hershel Shanks, The MacMillian Company, 1968.]
First, I'm going to give you all the ANSWERS to today's test ... So just plug in your SONY WALKMANS and relax!!
First Law of Bicycling: No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.
First law of debate: Never argue with a fool. People might not know the difference.
First Law of Procrastination: Procrastination shortens the job and places the responsibility for its termination on someone else (i.e., the authority who imposed the deadline). Fifth Law of Procrastination: Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that there is nothing important to do.
First Law of Socio-Genetics: Celibacy is not hereditary.
First off - Quake is simply incredible. It lets you repeatedly kill your boss in the office without being arrested. :)
First pull up, then pull down.
First Rule of History: History doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other.
First rule of public speaking. First, tell 'em what you're goin' to tell 'em; then tell 'em; then tell 'em what you've tole 'em.
First study the enemy. Seek weakness.
First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer. But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all. Dial-A-Wombat. It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone call: "You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the phone booth outside the town hall," the caller said. Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk. But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth. The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its bulk into the fray. It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub. Then the officers received another message ... another wombat in another phone booth. There it was: *Another* angry wombat trapped in a telephone booth. The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and released it, too, in the scrub. But on their way back to the station they happened to pass another telephone booth, and -- you guessed it -- another imprisoned wombat. After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect, and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons. Their problem ... they cannot find a law against placing wombats in telephone booths.
"First things first -- but not necessarily in that order"
Fishbowl, n.: A glass-enclosed isolation cell where newly promoted managers are kept for observation.
Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
Five bicycles make a volkswagen, seven make a truck.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity. "One, two, five."
Five names that I can hardly stand to hear, Including yours and mine and one more chimp who isn't here, I can see the ladies talking how the times is gettin' hard, And that fearsome excavation on Magnolia boulevard, Yes, I'm goin' insane, And I'm laughing at the frozen rain, Well, I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home? Bad sneakers and a pina colada my friend, Stopping on the avenue by Radio City, with a Transistor and a large sum of money to spend... You fellah, you tearin' up the street, You wear that white tuxedo, how you gonna beat the heat, Do you take me for a fool, do you think that I don't see, That ditch out in the Valley that they're diggin' just for me, Yes, and goin' insane, You know I'm laughin' at the frozen rain, Feel like I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home? (chorus)
Five people -- an Englishman, Russian, American, Frenchman and Irishman were each asked to write a book on elephants. Some amount of time later they had all completed their respective books. The Englishman's book was entitled "The Elephant -- How to Collect Them", the Russian's "The Elephant -- Vol. I", the American's "The Elephant -- How to Make Money from Them", the Frenchman's "The Elephant -- Its Mating Habits" and the Irishman's "The Elephant and Irish Political History".
Five rules for eternal misery: (1) Always try to exhort others to look upon you favorably. (2) Make lots of assumptions about situations and be sure to treat these assumptions as though they are reality. (3) Then treat each new situation as though it's a crisis. (4) Live in the past and future only (become obsessed with how much better things might have been or how much worse things might become). (5) Occasionally stomp on yourself for being so stupid as to follow the first four rules.
Flame on!
flannister, n.: The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
FLASH! Intelligence of mankind decreasing. Details at ... uh, when the little hand is on the ....
"Flattery is all right -- if you don't inhale."
Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
Flattery will get you everywhere.
<Flav> Win 98 Psychic edition: We'll tell you where you're going tomorrow
Flee at once, all is discovered.
Flexibility A newborn is soft and tender, A crone, hard and stiff. Plants and animals, in life, are supple and succulent; In death, withered and dry. So softness and tenderness are attributes of life, And hardness and stiffness, attributes of death. Just as a sapless tree will split and decay So an inflexible force will meet defeat; The hard and mighty lie beneath the ground While the tender and weak dance on the breeze above.
"Flight Reservation systems decide whether or not you exist. If your information isn't in their database, then you simply don't get to go anywhere."
<Flimsy> Anyone here knowledgable in matters of water fowl? If you walk through a park, and a goose starts following you... and ends up following you more than half a mile until you reach your car... at 11pm. Is the goose rabid or something?
"Floggings will continue until morale improves."
Flon's Law: There is not now, and never will be, a language in which it is the least bit difficult to write bad programs.
<Flood> can I write a unix-like kernel in perl?
<Flood> netgod: I also have a "Evil Inside" T-shirt (w/ Intel logo).. on the back it states: "When the rapture comes, will you have root?"
Florence Flask was ... dressing for the opera when she turned to her husband and screamed, "Erlenmeyer! My joules! Someone has stolen my joules!" "Now, now, my dear," replied her husband, "keep your balance and reflux a moment. Perhaps they're mislead." "No, I know they're stolen," cried Florence. "I remember putting them in my burette ... We must call a copper." Erlenmeyer did so, and the flatfoot who turned up, one Sherlock Ohms, said the outrage looked like the work of an arch-criminal by the name of Lawrence Ium. "We must be careful -- he's a free radical, ultraviolet, and dangerous. His girlfriend is a chlorine at the Palladium. Maybe I can catch him there." With that, he jumped on his carbon cycle in an activated state and sped off along the reaction pathway ...
FLORIDA (or FLORIDIA): A place where may be found ALLIGATORS, LONG-NECKED TURTLES and SPACE SHUTTLES. An interesting place which is warm and wet and there are geese. BACON, LETTUCE AND TOMATO SANDWICHES may be found here also. A lot more interesting than many other places. The shape when seen from the air is like a bit stuck on a bigger bit. by Angalo de Haberdasheri (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
flowchart, n. & v.: [From flow "to ripple down in rich profusion, as hair" + chart "a cryptic hidden-treasure map designed to mislead the uninitiated."] 1. n. The solution, if any, to a class of Mascheroni construction problems in which given algorithms require geometrical representation using only the 35 basic ideograms of the ANSI template. 2. n. Neronic doodling while the system burns. 3. n. A low-cost substitute for wallpaper. 4. n. The innumerate misleading the illiterate. "A thousand pictures is worth ten lines of code." -- The Programmer's Little Red Vade Mecum, Mao Tse T'umps. 5. v.intrans. To produce flowcharts with no particular object in mind. 6. v.trans. To obfuscate (a problem) with esoteric cartoons.
Flugg's Law: When you need to knock on wood is when you realize that the world is composed of vinyl, naugahyde and aluminum.
Flying is the second greatest feeling you can have. The greatest feeling? Landing... Landing is the greatest feeling you can have.
Flying saucers on occasion Show themselves to human eyes. Aliens fume, put off invasion While they brand these tales as lies.
Fly me away to the bright side of the moon ...
Fly Windows NT: All the passengers carry their seats out onto the tarmac, placing the chairs in the outline of a plane. They all sit down, flap their arms and make jet swooshing sounds as if they are flying.
Fog Lamps, n.: Excessively (often obnoxiously) bright lamps mounted on the fronts of automobiles; used on dry, clear nights to indicate that the driver's brain is in a fog. See also "Idiot Lights".
Following When the great man learns the Way, he follows it with diligence; When the common man learns the Way, he follows it on occasion; When the mean man learns the Way, he laughs out loud; Those who do not laugh, do not learn at all. Therefore it is said: Who understands the Way seems foolish; Who progresses on the Way seems to fail; Who follows the Way seems to wander. For the finest harmony appears plain; The brightest truth appears coloured; The richest character appears incomplete; The bravest heart appears meek; The simplest nature appears inconstant. The square, perfected, has no corner; Music, perfected, has no melody; Love, perfected, has no climax; Art, perfected, has no meaning. The Way can be neither sensed nor known: It transmits sensation and transcends knowledge.
Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
FOOLED you! Absorb EGO SHATTERING impulse rays, polyester poltroon!!
Foolproof Operation: No provision for adjustment.
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it.
Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.
Football builds self-discipline. What else would induce a spectator to sit out in the open in subfreezing weather?
Football combines the two worst features of American life. It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
Football is a game designed to keep coalminers off the streets.
Footnotes are for things you believe don't really belong in LDP manuals, but want to include anyway.
For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time ...
"For a couple o' pins," says Troll, and grins, "I'll eat thee too, and gnaw thy shins. A bit o' fresh meat will go down sweet! I'll try my teeth on thee now. Hee now! See now! I'm tired o' gnawing old bones and skins; I've a mind to dine on thee now." But just as he thought his dinner was caught, He found his hands had hold of naught. Before he could mind, Tom slipped behing And gave him the boot to larn him. Warn him! Darn him! A bump o' the boot on the seat, Tom thoguht, Would be the way to larn him. But harder than stone is the flesh and bone Of a troll that sits in the hills alone. As well set your boot to the mountain's root, For the seat of a troll don't feel it. Peel it! Heal it! Old Troll laughed, when he heard Tom groan, And he knew his toes could feel it. Tom's leg is game, since home he came, And his bootless foot is lasting lame; But Troll don't care, and he's still there With the bone he boned from its owner. Doner! Boner! Troll's old seat is still the same, And the bone he boned from its owner!
For adult education nothing beats children.
For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.
For a light heart lives long.
"For a male and female to live continuously together is... biologically speaking, an extremely unnatural condition."
For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat.
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
For animals, the entire universe has been neatly divided into things to (a) mate with, (b) eat, (c) run away from, and (d) rocks.
for ARTIFICIAL FLAVORING!!
For best results, follow directions carefully.
Force has no place where there is need of skill.
"Force is but might," the teacher said-- "That definition's just." The boy said naught but thought instead, Remembering his pounded head: "Force is not might but must!"
Force it!!! If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway... No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.
For certain people, after fifty, litigation takes the place of sex.
FORCE YOURSELF TO RELAX!
For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.
For courage mounteth with occasion.
Forecast, n.: A prediction of the future, based on the past, for which the forecaster demands payment in the present.
Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.
For every bloke who makes his mark, there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong.
For every vision there is an equal and opposite revision.
For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu. But if you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt). The rule is that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip; when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor 1mu=1pt is always used. The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and '\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
For external use only.
For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Forgetfulness, n.: A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for their destitution of conscience.
For gin, in cruel Sober truth, Supplies the fuel For flaming youth.
Forgive and forget.
Forgive him, for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature!
For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!
For good or ill, when I went off to grad school, I studied linguistics, so the only computer language I used there was LISP. It was my own personal McCarthy era. Is LISP a candidate for a scripting language? While you can certainly write things rapidly in it, I cannot in good conscience call LISP a scripting language. By policy, LISP has never really catered to mere mortals. And, of course, mere mortals have never really forgiven LISP for not catering to them.
For good, return good. For evil, return justice.
For great justice.
For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
For if there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life.
For internal use only.
"For I perceive that behind this seemingly unrelated sequence of events, there lurks a singular, sinister attitude of mind." "Whose?" "MINE! HA-HA!"
For knighthood is not in the feats of war, As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong, But in a cause which truth cannot defer: He ought himself for to make sure and strong, Just to keep mixt with mercy among: And no quarrel a knight ought to take But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.
For Magrat, stepping into a man's bedroom was like an explorer stepping on to that part of the map marked Here Be Dragons.
Formatted to fit your screen.
For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble: and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.
Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier... I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
For myself, I can only say that I am astonished and somewhat terrified at the results of this evening's experiments. Astonished at the wonderful power you have developed, and terrified at the thought that so much hideous and bad music may be put on record forever.
For my son, Robert, this is proving to be the high-point of his entire life to date. He has had his pajamas on for two, maybe three days now. He has the sense of joyful independence a 5-year-old child gets when he suddenly realizes that he could be operating an acetylene torch in the coat closet and neither parent [because of the flu] would have the strength to object. He has been foraging for his own food, which means his diet consists entirely of "food" substances which are advertised only on Saturday-morning cartoon shows; substances that are the color of jukebox lights and that, for legal reasons, have their names spelled wrong, as in New Creemy Chok-'n'-Cheez Lumps o' Froot ("part of this complete breakfast").
For office use only.
For off-road use only.
For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
For perfect happiness, remember two things: (1) Be content with what you've got. (2) Be sure you've got plenty.
For recreational use only.
For reservations, call your travel agent.
For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say "Canada". Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
"For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the massive jobs of a thousand years ago. Why not, then, the last step of doing away with computers altogether?"
For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels, each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall was a gate. [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to system overview.]
For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years. This gives me great hope for the human race.
"For the love of phlegm...a stupid wall of death rays. How tacky can ya get?"
"For the man who has everything... Penicillin."
"For the most part, Democrats don't question the Republican's right to govern when they win elections" Heck, Democrats don't question the Republican's right to govern even when Democrats win elections.
For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel. And if one can neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one? [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to powerfail recovery.]
For the run-time caching, I was going to suggest "cached" (doh!), but perhaps "once" is more meaningful to ordinary people.
For the sake of argument I'll ignore all your fighting words.
FORTH IF HONK THEN
For those of you who have been unfortunate enough to never have tasted the 'Great Chieftain O' the Pudden Race' (i.e. haggis) here is an easy to follow recipe which results in a dish remarkably similar to the above mentioned protected species. Ingredients: 1 Sheep's Pluck (heart, lungs, liver) and bag 2 teacupsful toasted oatmeal 1 teaspoonful salt 8 oz. shredded suet 2 small onions 1/2 teaspoonful black pepper Scrape and clean bag in cold, then warm, water. Soak in salt water overnight. Wash pluck, then boil for 2 hours with windpipe draining over the side of pot. Retain 1 pint of stock. Cut off windpipe, remove surplus gristle, chop or mince heart and lungs, and grate best part of liver (about half only). Parboil and chop onions, mix all together with oatmeal, suet, salt, pepper and stock to moisten. Pack the mixture into bag, allowing for swelling. Boil for three hours, pricking regularly all over. If bag not available, steam in greased basin covered by greaseproof paper and cloth for four to five hours.
For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
For thousands of years, we have been plagued by mathematicians insisting that two plus two equals four. Who elected them? I, Stevie-O, am promoting an entirely new system, where two plus two equals FIVE. Eventually, it will be extended to provide other stuff these power-hungry madmen kept hidden away for themselves, such as division by zero, cold fusion, the ability to solve the halting problem, and the secret to attracting hot chicks. Stevie-O on the Acme::NewMath POD document. [Acme-NewMath](http://search.cpan.org/dist/Acme-NewMath/)
"For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off."
For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief vacations at this country inn. The last time he'd finally managed an affair with the innkeeper's daughter. Looking forward to an exciting few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped short. There sat his lover with an infant on her lap! "Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?" he cried. "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married, and the baby would have my name!" "Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition, we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer."
FORTRAN is a good example of a language which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques. [What's good about it? Ed.]
FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies.
FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy, occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer.
FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
FORTRAN rots the brain.
FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.
FORTRAN? The syntactically incorrect statement "DO 10 I = 1.10" will parse and generate code creating a variable, DO10I, as follows: "DO10I = 1.10" If that doesn't terrify you, it should.
[FORTRAN] will persist for some time -- probably for at least the next decade.
... Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of the person making the claim, not the critic. It is not the responsibility of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals or colored lights never healed anyone. The skeptic's role is to point out claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidence and to provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with the accepted body of scientific evidence. ...
Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of the person making the claim, not the critic. It is not the responsibility of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals or colored lights never healed anyone. The skeptic's role is to point out claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidence and to provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with the accepted body of scientific evidence. No. 2, pg. 215
Fortune and love befriend the bold.
fortune: cannot execute. Out of cookies.
fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #12 O.E.D.: David Lean, 1969, 3 hours 30 min. Lean's version of the Oxford Dictionary has been accused of shallowness in its treatment of a complete work. Omar Sharif tends to overact as aardvark, but Alec Guiness is solid in the role of abbacy. As usual, the photography is stunning. With Julie Christie.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3 MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET: Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and tries to make it big on Broadway. Santa sings and dances his way into your heart.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #5 THE ATOMIC GRANDMOTHER: This humorous but heart-warming story tells of an elderly woman forced to work at a nuclear power plant in order to help the family make ends meet. At night, granny sits on the porch, tells tales of her colorful past, and the family uses her to cook barbecues and to power small electrical appliances. Maureen Stapleton gives a glowing performance.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #9 THE PARKING PROBLEM IN PARIS: Jean-Luc Godard, 1971, 7 hours 18 min. Godard's meditation on the topic has been described as everything from "timeless" to "endless." (Remade by Gene Wilder as NO PLACE TO PARK.)
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions: It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive as that in support of an affirmative.
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions: We can imagine no reason why, with ordinary care, human toes could not be left out of chewing tobacco, and if toes are found in chewing tobacco, it seems to us that someone has been very careless.
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions: We think that we may take judicial notice of the fact that the term "bitch" may imply some feeling of endearment when applied to a female of the canine species but that it is seldom, if ever, so used when applied to a female of the human race. Coming as it did, reasonably close on the heels of two revolver shots directed at the person of whom it was probably used, we think it carries every reasonable implication of ill-will toward that person.
FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN: #1 skilled oral communicator: Mumbles inaudibly when attempting to speak. Talks to self. Argues with self. Loses these arguments. skilled written communicator: Scribbles well. Memos are invariable illegible, except for the portions that attribute recent failures to someone else. growth potential: With proper guidance, periodic counselling, and remedial training, the reviewee may, given enough time and close supervision, meet the minimum requirements expected of him by the company. key company figure: Serves as the perfect counter example.
FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN: #4 consistent: Reviewee hasn't gotten anything right yet, and it is anticipated that this pattern will continue throughout the coming year. an excellent sounding board: Present reviewee with any number of alternatives, and implement them in the order precisely opposite of his/her specification. a planner and organizer: Usually manages to put on socks before shoes. Can match the animal tags on his clothing.
FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN: #9 has management potential: Because of his intimate relationship with inanimate objects, the reviewee has been appointed to the critical position of department pencil monitor. inspirational: A true inspiration to others. ("There, but for the grace of God, go I.") adapts to stress: Passes wind, water, or out depending upon the severity of the situation. goal oriented: Continually sets low goals for himself, and usually fails to meet them.
Fortune favors the lucky.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12 Those who can, do. Those who can't, write the instructions.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #15 "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses." And while you're at it, throw in a couple of those Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #17 "This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath, May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet." Juliet, this bud's for you.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21 Shall I compare thee to a Summer day? No, I guess not.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #2 If at first you don't succeed, think how many people you've made happy.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3 Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6 "But, soft! What light through yonder window breaks?" It's nothing, honey. Go back to sleep.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #9 A word to the wise is often enough to start an argument.
fortune: No such file or directory
fortune: not found
Fortune presents: USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #1. ^Cu vi parolas angle? Do you speak English? Mi ne komprenas. I don't understand. Vi estas la sola esperantisto kiun mi You're the only Esperanto speaker renkontas. I've met. La ^ceko estas enpo^stigita. The check is in the mail. Oni ne povas, ^gin netrovi. You can't miss it. Mi nur rigardadas. I'm just looking around. Nu, ^sajnis bona ideo. Well, it seemed like a good idea.
Fortune presents: USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #2. ^Cu tiu loko estas okupita? Is this seat taken? ^Cu vi ofte venas ^ci-tien? Do you come here often? ^Cu mi povas havi via telelonnumeron? May I have your phone number? Mi estas komputilisto. I work with computers. Mi legas multe da scienca fikcio. I read a lot of science fiction. ^Cu necesas ke vi eliras? Do you really have to be going?
Fortune presents: USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #5. Mi ^cevalovipus vin se mi havus I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse. ^cevalon. Vere vi ^sercas. You must be kidding. Nu, parDOOOOOnu min! Well exCUUUUUSE me! Kiu invitis vin? Who invited you? Kion vi diris pri mia patrino? What did you say about my mother? Bu^so^stopu min per kulero. Gag me with a spoon.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #13 A: Doc, Happy, Bashful, Dopey, Sneezy, Sleepy, & Grumpy Q: Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15 A: The Royal Canadian Mounted Police. Q: What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #19 A: To be or not to be. Q: What is the square root of 4b^2?
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21 A: Dr. Livingstone I. Presume. Q: What's Dr. Presume's full name?
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31 A: Chicken Teriyaki. Q: What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4 A: Go west, young man, go west! Q: What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5 A: The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli. Q: Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.
FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #5 "And, and, and, and, but, but, but, but!"
FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #6 "Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!"
Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate: I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine. "Hey you, get off my plate"
Fortune's current rates: Answers .10 Long answers .25 Answers requiring thought .50 Correct answers $1.00 Dumb looks are still free.
Fortune's diet truths: 1: Forget what the cookbooks say, plain yogurt tastes nothing like sour cream. 2: Any recipe calling for soybeans tastes like mud. 3: Carob is not an acceptable substitute for chocolate. In fact, carob is not an acceptable substitute for anything, except, perhaps, brown shoe polish. 4: There is no such thing as a "fun salad." So let's stop pretending and see salads for what they are: God's punishment for being fat. 5: Fruit salad without maraschino cherries and marshmallows is about as appealing as tepid beer. 6: A world lacking gravy is a tragic place! 7: You should immediately pass up any recipes entitled "luscious and low-cal." Also skip dishes featuring "lively liver." They aren't and it isn't. 8: Wearing a blindfold often makes many diet foods more palatable. 9: Fresh fruit is not dessert. CAKE is dessert! 10: Okra tastes slightly worse than its name implies. 11: A plain baked potato isn't worth the effort involved in chewing and swallowing.
Fortune's Exercising Truths: 1: Richard Simmons gets paid to exercise like a lunatic. You don't. 2. Aerobic exercises stimulate and speed up the heart. So do heart attacks. 3. Exercising around small children can scar them emotionally for life. 4. Sweating like a pig and gasping for breath is not refreshing. 5. No matter what anyone tells you, isometric exercises cannot be done quietly at your desk at work. People will suspect manic tendencies as you twitter around in your chair. 6. Next to burying bones, the thing a dog enjoys mosts is tripping joggers. 7. Locking four people in a tiny, cement-walled room so they can run around for an hour smashing a little rubber ball -- and each other -- with a hard racket should immediately be recognized for what it is: a form of insanity. 8. Fifty push-ups, followed by thirty sit-ups, followed by ten chin-ups, followed by one throw-up. 9. Any activity that can't be done while smoking should be avoided.
FORTUNE'S FAVORITE RECIPES: #8 Christmas Rum Cake 1 or 2 quarts rum 1 tbsp. baking powder 1 cup butter 1 tsp. soda 1 tsp. sugar 1 tbsp. lemon juice 2 large eggs 2 cups brown sugar 2 cups dried assorted fruit 3 cups chopped English walnuts Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality. Good, isn't it? Now select a large mixing bowl, measuring cup, etc. Check the rum again. It must be just right. Be sure the rum is of the highest quality. Pour one cup of rum into a glass and drink it as fast as you can. Repeat. With an electric mixer, beat one cup butter in a large fluffy bowl. Add 1 seaspoon of tugar and beat again. Meanwhile, make sure the rum is the absolutely highest quality. Sample another cup. Open second quart as necessary. Add 2 orge laggs, 2 cups of fried druit and beat until high. If the fried druit gets stuck in the beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver. Sample the rum again, checking for toncisticity. Next sift 3 cups of baking powder, a pinch of rum, a seaspoon of toda and a cup of pepper or salt (it really doesn't matter). Sample some more. Sift 912 pint of lemon juice. Fold in schopped butter and strained chups. Add bablespoon of brown gugar, or whatever color you have. Mix mell. Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees and rake until poothtick comes out crean.
FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #14 The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman "The Babe" Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.
FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #1 A guinea pig is not from Guinea but a rodent from South America. A firefly is not a fly, but a beetle. A giant panda bear is really a member of the racoon family. A black panther is really a leopard that has a solid black coat rather then a spotted one. Peanuts are not really nuts. The majority of nuts grow on trees while peanuts grow underground. They are classified as a legume -- part of the pea family. A cucumber is not a vegetable but a fruit.
FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #37 Can you name the seven seas? Antarctic, Arctic, North Atlantic, South Atlantic, Indian, North Pacific, South Pacific. Can you name the seven dwarfs from Snow White? Doc, Dopey, Sneezy, Happy, Grumpy, Sleepy and Bashful.
FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #44 Zebras are colored with dark stripes on a light background.
Fortune's graffito of the week (or maybe even month): Don't Write On Walls! (and underneath) You want I should type?
FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #14 What to do... if reality disappears? Hope this one doesn't happen to you. There isn't much that you can do about it. It will probably be quite unpleasant. if you meet an older version of yourself who has invented a time traveling machine, and has come from the future to meet you? Play this one by the book. Ask about the stock market and cash in. Don't forget to invent a time traveling machine and visit your younger self before you die, or you will create a paradox. If you expect this to be tricky, make sure to ask for the principles behind time travel, and possibly schematics. Never, NEVER, ask when you'll die, or if you'll marry your current SO.
FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #2 What to do... if you get a phone call from Mars: Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly. Limit your vocabulary to simple words. Try to determine if you are speaking to someone in a leadership capacity, or an ordinary citizen. if he, she or it doesn't speak English? Hang up. There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone. If your Martian really had something important to say to you, he, she or it would have taken the trouble to learn the language before calling. if you get a phone call from Jupiter? Explain to your caller, politely but firmly, that being from Jupiter, he, she or it is not "life as we know it". Try to terminate the conversation as soon as possible. It will not profit you, and the charges may have been reversed.
FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #6 What to do... if a starship, equipped with an FTL hyperdrive lands in your backyard? First of all, do not run after your camera. You will not have any film, and, given the state of computer animation, no one will believe you anyway. Be polite. Remember, if they have an FTL hyperdrive, they can probably vaporize you, should they find you to be rude. Direct them to the White House lawn, which is where they probably wanted to land, anyway. A good road map should help. if you wake up in the middle of the night, and discover that your closet contains an alternate dimension? Don't walk in. You almost certainly will not be able to get back, and alternate dimensions are almost never any fun. Remain calm and go back to bed. Close the door first, so that the cat does not wander off. Check your closet in the morning. If it still contains an alternate dimension, nail it shut.
Fortune's Guide to Freshman Notetaking: WHEN THE PROFESSOR SAYS: YOU WRITE: Probably the greatest quality of the poetry John Milton -- born 1608 of John Milton, who was born in 1608, is the combination of beauty and power. Few have excelled him in the use of the English language, or for that matter, in lucidity of verse form, 'Paradise Lost' being said to be the greatest single poem ever written." Current historians have come to Most of the problems that now doubt the complete advantageousness face the United States are of some of Roosevelt's policies... directly traceable to the bungling and greed of President Roosevelt. ... it is possible that we simply do Professor Mitchell is a not understand the Russian viewpoint... communist.
Fortune's Law of the Week (this week, from Kentucky): No female shall appear in a bathing suit at any airport in this State unless she is escorted by two officers or unless she is armed with a club. The provisions of this statute shall not apply to females weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it apply to female horses.
Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful Morals goes to Representative Clare E. Hoffman of Michigan. During an impassioned House debate over a proposed bill to "expand oyster and clam research," a sharp-eared informant transcribed the following exchange between our hero and Rep. John D. Dingell, also of Michigan. DINGELL: There are places in the world at the present time where we are having to artificially propagate oysters and clams. HOFFMAN: You mean the oysters I buy are not nature's oysters? DINGELL: They may or may not be natural. The simple fact of the matter is that female oysters through their living habits cast out large amounts of seed and the male oysters cast out large amounts of fertilization ... HOFFMAN: Wait a minute! I do not want to go into that. There are many teenagers who read The Congressional Record.
Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week: Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.
FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS #14 Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to your good liquor at BYOB parties? Take along a candle, which you insert and light after you've opened the bottle. No one ever expects anything drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.
FORTUNE'S RANDOM QUOTES FROM MATCH GAME 75, NO. 1: Gene Rayburn: We'd like to close with a thought for the day, friends --- something ... Someone: (interrupting) Uh-oh Gene Rayburn: ...pithy, full of wisdom --- and we call on the Poet Laureate, Nipsey Russell Nipsey Russell: The young people are very different today, and there is one sure way to know: Kids used to ask where they came from, now they'll tell you where you can go. All: (laughter)
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #18: Q: Are you married? A: No, I'm divorced. Q: And what did your husband do before you divorced him? A: A lot of things I didn't know about.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #19: Q: Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people? A: All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #25: Q: You say you had three men punching at you, kicking you, raping you, and you didn't scream? A: No ma'am. Q: Does that mean you consented? A: No, ma'am. That means I was unconscious.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #29: THE JUDGE: Now, as we begin, I must ask you to banish all present information and prejudice from your minds, if you have any ...
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #32: Q: Do you know how far pregnant you are right now? A: I will be three months November 8th. Q: Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th? A: Yes. Q: What were you and your husband doing at that time?
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37: Q: Did he pick the dog up by the ears? A: No. Q: What was he doing with the dog's ears? A: Picking them up in the air. Q: Where was the dog at this time? A: Attached to the ears.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #3: Q: When he went, had you gone and had she, if she wanted to and were able, for the time being excluding all the restraints on her not to go, gone also, would he have brought you, meaning you and she, with him to the station? MR. BROOKS: Objection. That question should be taken out and shot.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #41: Q: Now, Mrs. Johnson, how was your first marriage terminated? A: By death. Q: And by whose death was it terminated?
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #52: Q: What is your name? A: Ernestine McDowell. Q: And what is your marital status? A: Fair.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #7: Q: What happened then? A: He told me, he says, "I have to kill you because you can identify me." Q: Did he kill you? A: No.
Fortune's Rules for Memo Wars: #2 Given the incredible advances in sociocybernetics and telepsychology over the last few years, we are now able to completely understand everything that the author of an memo is trying to say. Thanks to modern developments in electrocommunications like notes, vnews, and electricity, we have an incredible level of interunderstanding the likes of which civilization has never known. Thus, the possibility of your misinterpreting someone else's memo is practically nil. Knowing this, anyone who accuses you of having done so is a liar, and should be treated accordingly. If you *do* understand the memo in question, but have absolutely nothing of substance to say, then you have an excellent opportunity for a vicious ad hominem attack. In fact, the only *inappropriate* times for an ad hominem attack are as follows: 1: When you agree completely with the author of an memo. 2: When the author of the original memo is much bigger than you are. 3: When replying to one of your own memos.
FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #23 Don't cut off a police car when making an illegal U-turn.
FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #2 Never goose a wolverine.
Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands! Try: ar t "God" drink < bottle; opener (Bourne Shell) cat "food in tin cans" (all but 4.[23]BSD) Hey UNIX! Got a match? (V6 or C shell) mkdir matter; cat > matter (Bourne Shell) rm God man: Why did you get a divorce? (C shell) date me (anything up to 4.3BSD) make "heads or tails of all this" who is smart (C shell) If I had a ) for every dollar of the national debt, what would I have? sleep with me (anything up to 4.3BSD)
Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands! Try: [Where is Jimmy Hoffa? (C shell) ^How did the^sex change operation go? (C shell) "How would you rate BSD vs. System V? %blow (C shell) 'thou shalt not mow thy grass at 8am' (C shell) got a light? (C shell) !!:Say, what do you think of margarine? (C shell) PATH=pretending! /usr/ucb/which sense (Bourne shell) make love make "the perfect dry martini" man -kisses dog (anything up to 4.3BSD) i=Hoffa ; >$i; $i; rm $i; rm $i (Bourne shell)
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Oh, and have a nice day!
Forty two.
For years a secret shame destroyed my peace-- I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece. But now I think a thought that brings me hope: Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!
"Found it," the Mouse replied rather crossly: "of course you know what 'it' means." "I know what 'it' means well enough, when I find a thing," said the Duck: "it's generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the archbishop find?"
Four be the things I am wiser to know: Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe. Four be the things I'd been better without: Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt. Three be the things I shall never attain: Envy, content, and sufficient champagne. Three be the things I shall have till I die: Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.
Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on tombstones, women and competitors.
Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature. This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
Fourth Law of Applied Terror: The night before the English History mid-term, your Biology instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria. Corollary: Every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do except study for that instructor's course.
Fourth Law of Revision: It is usually impractical to worry beforehand about interferences -- if you have none, someone will make one for you.
Fourth Law of Thermodynamics: If the probability of success is not almost one, it is damn near zero.
Four thousand different MAGNATES, MOGULS & NABOBS are romping in my gothic solarium!!
Four thousand throats may be cut in one night by a running man.
Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a policeman's tie.
Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.
Freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
"... freedom ... is a worship word..." "It is our worship word too."
Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. War is peace.
"Freedom is still the most radical idea of all."
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one.
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
"Free markets select for winning solutions."
>>> FreeOS is an english-centric name Have you all been stuck in email, or have any of you tried *pronouncing* that? free-oh-ess? free-ows? fritos? :-)
Free Speech Is The Right To Shout 'Theater' In A Crowded Fire.
Free yourself from negative influence. Negative thoughts are the old habits that gnaw at the roots of the soul. Moses Shongo, (Seneca)
Fremen add life to spice!
Fresco's Discovery: If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.
Freshest if eaten before date on carton.
Friction is a drag.
Fried's 1st Rule: Increased automation of clerical function invariably results in increased operational costs.
Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority over the other.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Friends, n.: People who borrow your books and set wet glasses on them. People who know you well, but like you anyway.
Friends, Romans, Hipsters, Let me clue you in; I come to put down Caesar, not to groove him. The square kicks some cats are on stay with them; The hip bits, like, go down under; so let it lay with Caesar. The cool Brutus Gave you the message: Caesar had big eyes; If that's the sound, someone's copping a plea, And, like, old Caesar really set them straight. Here, copacetic with Brutus and the studs, -- for Brutus is a real cool cat; So are they all, all cool cats, -- Come I to make this gig at Caesar's laying down.
<FrikaC> I should probably reboot... <FrikaC> ok brb <FrikaC> So, what apart form avoiding virii, memory leaks, and rampant crashing does Linux reallhy offer :) <LordHavoc> reliable multitasking?
Frobnicate, v.: To manipulate or adjust, to tweak. Derived from FROBNITZ. Usually abbreviated to FROB. Thus one has the saying "to frob a frob." See TWEAK and TWIDDLE. Usage: FROB, TWIDDLE, and TWEAK sometimes connote points along a continuum. FROB connotes aimless manipulation; TWIDDLE connotes gross manipulation, often a coarse search for a proper setting; TWEAK connotes fine-tuning. If someone is turning a knob on an oscilloscope, then if he's carefully adjusting it he is probably tweaking it; if he is just turning it but looking at the screen he is probably twiddling it; but if he's just doing it because turning a knob is fun, he's frobbing it.
Frobnitz, pl. Frobnitzem (frob'nitsm) n.: An unspecified physical object, a widget. Also refers to electronic black boxes. This rare form is usually abbreviated to FROTZ, or more commonly to FROB. Also used are FROBNULE, FROBULE, and FROBNODULE. Starting perhaps in 1979, FROBBOZ (fruh-bahz'), pl. FROBBOTZIM, has also become very popular, largely due to its exposure via the Adventure spin-off called Zork (Dungeon). These can also be applied to non-physical objects, such as data structures.
<frogbert> its hard being a lesbian without breasts...people don't take you seriously
From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
[From an announcement of a congress of the International Ontopsychology Association, in Rome]: The Ontopsychological school, availing itself of new research criteria and of a new telematic epistemology, maintains that social modes do not spring from dialectics of territory or of class, or of consumer goods, or of means of power, but rather from dynamic latencies capillarized in millions of individuals in system functions which, once they have reached the event maturation, burst forth in catastrophic phenomenology engaging a suitable stereotype protagonist or duty marionette (general, president, political party, etc.) to consummate the act of social schizophrenia in mass genocide.
From concentrate.
From: Ean Schuessler <ean@novare.net> The unrecognized minister of propaganda, E
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
> From MAILER-DAEMON@Think.COM Thu Mar 2 13:59:11 1989 > Subject: Returned mail: unknown mailer error 255 "Dale, your address no longer functions. Can you fix it at your end?" "Bill, Your brain no longer functions. Can you fix it at your end?"
From Sharp minds come... pointed heads.
From the back, Vetinari looked like a carnivorous flamingo.
From the Beowulf Cluster FAQ: 11. Should I build a cluster of these 100 386s? [1999-05-13] If it's OK with you that it'll be slower than a single Celeron-333 machine, sure. Great way to learn.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
FROM THE DESK OF Dorothy Gale Auntie Em: Hate you. Hate Kansas. Taking the dog. Dorothy
From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
[From the operation manual for the CI-300 Dot Matrix Line Printer, made in Japan]: The excellent output machine of MODEL CI-300 as extraordinary DOT MATRIX LINE PRINTER, built in two MICRO-PROCESSORs as well as EAROM, is featured by permitting wonderful co-existence such as; "high quality against low cost," "diversified functions with compact design," "flexibility in accessibleness and durability of approx. 2000,000,00 Dot/Head," "being sophisticated in mechanism but possibly agile operating under noises being extremely suppressed" etc. And as a matter of course, the final goal is just simply to help achieve "super shuttle diplomacy" between cool data, perhaps earned by HOST COMPUTER, and warm heart of human being.
From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new experience in sound: 5. Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees. The pin-spreading sound is normal for this type of connector.
"From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere."
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving, Whatever gods may be, That no life lives forever, That dead men rise up never, That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
FROZEN ENTREES may be flung by members of opposing SWANSON SECTS ...
F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway: "Ernest, the rich are different from us." Hemingway: "Yes. They have more money."
Fuch's Warning: If you actually look like your passport photo, you aren't well enough to travel.
f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
F u cn rd ths u cnt spl wrth a dm!
f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.
Fudd's First Law of Opposition: Push something hard enough and it will fall over.
Function reject.
Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.
Fun experiments: Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week. Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want... bedroom, car, etc. As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.
Fun Facts, #14: In table tennis, whoever gets 21 points first wins. That's how it once was in baseball -- whoever got 21 runs first won.
Fun Facts, #63: The name California was given to the state by Spanish conquistadores. It was the name of an imaginary island, a paradise on earth, in the Spanish romance, "Les Serges de Esplandian", written by Montalvo in 1510.
FUN is never having to say you're SUSHI!!
furbling, v.: Having to wander through a maze of ropes at an airport or bank even when you are the only person in line.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
Future looks spotty. You will spill soup in late evening.
F: When into a room I plunge, I Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI. Then I linger, darkly brooding On the poison they're exuding.
Galbraith's Law of Human Nature: Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that there is no need to do so, almost everybody gets busy on the proof.
Garbage In -- Gospel Out.
Garbage In, Gospel Out
Gary Hart: living proof that you *can* screw your brains out.
Gates' Law: Every 18 months, the speed of software halves.
Gauls! We have nothing to fear; except perhaps that the sky may fall on our heads tomorrow. But as we all know, tomorrow never comes!!
Gay shlafen: Yiddish for "go to sleep". Now doesn't "gay shlafen" have a softer, more soothing sound than the harsh, staccato "go to sleep"? Listen to the difference: "Go to sleep, you little wretch!" ... "Gay shlafen, darling." Obvious, isn't it? Clearly the best thing you can do for you children is to start speaking Yiddish right now and never speak another word of English as long as you live. This will, of course, entail teaching Yiddish to all your friends, business associates, the people at the supermarket, and so on, but that's just the point. It has to start with committed individuals and then grow.... Some minor adjustments will have to be made, of course: those signs written in what look like Yiddish letters won't be funny when everything is written in Yiddish. And we'll have to start driving on the left side of the road so we won't be reading the street signs backwards. But is that too high a price to pay for world peace? I think not, my friend, I think not.
* gb notes that fdisk thinks his cdrom can store one terabyte
G. B. Shaw's Law: Those who can -- do. Those who can't -- teach. Martin's Extension: Those who cannot teach -- administrate.
G. B. Shaw to William Douglas Home: "Go on writing plays, my boy. One of these days a London producer will go into his office and say to his secretary, `Is there a play from Shaw this morning?' and when she says `No,' he will say, `Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.' And that's your chance, my boy."
<gecko> Hmm... I wonder what else separates Debian from the rest of the Linux distributions. <Knghtbrd> gecko - We Don't Suck <gecko> Knghtbrd: you don't say that when addressing a bunch of people FROM those distros <Knghtbrd> gecko - point.
Gee, I feel kind of LIGHT in the head now, knowing I can't make my satellite dish PAYMENTS!
"Gee, Toto, I don't think we are in Kansas anymore."
Gee, Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
Geez…get any 10 lawyers together, one will be a real decent person, the other nine will be total asshats. [Slashdot Comment](http://yro.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=332831&cid=21033847) It just appears that way because it's logarithmic. 100 lawyers will net you 2 good ones, 1000 lawyers 3 good ones and so forth. [Slashdot comment](http://yro.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=332831&cid=21035649)
Genderplex, n.: The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to determine his or her designated restroom (e.g., turtles and tortoises).
genealogy, n.: An account of one's descent from an ancestor who did not particularly care to trace his own.
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
General notions are generally wrong.
Generic Fortune.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why you should.
Genius doesn't work on an assembly line basis. You can't simply say, "Today I will be brilliant."
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius is pain.
Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.
Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Genius, n.: A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with "bright."
genius, n.: Person clever enough to be born in the right place at the right time of the right sex and to follow up this advantage by saying all the right things to all the right people.
genlock, n.: Why he stays in the bottle.
"... gentlemen do not read each other's mail." the Black Chamber, the precursor to the National Security Agency.
Gentlemen, I want you to know that I am not always right, but I am never wrong. -Samuel Goldwyn
"Gentlemen of the jury," said the defense attorney, now beginning to warm to his summation, "the real question here before you is, shall this beautiful young woman be forced to languish away her loveliest years in a dark prison cell? Or shall she be set free to return to her cozy little apartment at 4134 Mountain Ave. -- there to spend her lonely, loveless hours in her boudoir, lying beside her little Princess phone, 962-7873?"
Gentlemen, Whilst marching from Portugal to a position which commands the approach to Madrid and the French forces, my officers have been diligently complying with your requests which have been sent by H.M. ship from London to Lisbon and thence by dispatch to our headquarters. We have enumerated our saddles, bridles, tents and tent poles, and all manner of sundry items for which His Majesty's Government holds me accountable. I have dispatched reports on the character, wit, and spleen of every officer. Each item and every farthing has been accounted for, with two regrettable exceptions for which I beg your indulgence. Unfortunately the sum of one shilling and ninepence remains unaccounted for in one infantry battalion's petty cash and there has been a hideous confusion as the number of jars of raspberry jam issued to one cavalry regiment during a sandstorm in western Spain. This reprehensible carelessness may be related to the pressure of circumstance, since we are war with France, a fact which may come as a bit of a surprise to you gentlemen in Whitehall. This brings me to my present purpose, which is to request elucidation of my instructions from His Majesty's Government so that I may better understand why I am dragging an army over these barren plains. I construe that perforce it must be one of two alternative duties, as given below. I shall pursue either one with the best of my ability, but I cannot do both: 1. To train an army of uniformed British clerks in Spain for the benefit of the accountants and copy-boys in London or perchance: 2. To see to it that the forces of Napoleon are driven out of Spain. London, 1812
Genua had once controlled the river mouth and taxed its traffic in a way that couldn't be called piracy because it was done by the city government. (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
Geography is just physics slowed down, with a couple of trees stuck in it
George Bernard Shaw once sent two tickets to the opening night of one of his plays to Winston Churchill with the following note: "Bring a friend, if you have one." Churchill wrote back, returning the two tickets and excused himself as he had a previous engagement. He also attached the following: "Please send me two tickets for the next night, if there is one."
George Orwell 1984. Northwestern 0.
George Orwell was an optimist.
George's friend Sam had a dog who could recite the Gettysburg Address. "Let me buy him from you," pleaded George after a demonstration. "Okay," agreed Sam. "All he knows is that Lincoln speech anyway." At his company's Fourth of July picnic, George brought his new pet and announced that the animal could recite the entire Gettysburg Address. No one believed him, and they proceeded to place bets against the dog. George quieted the crowd and said, "Now we'll begin!" Then he looked at the dog. The dog looked back. No sound. "Come on, boy, do your stuff." Nothing. A disappointed George took his dog and went home. "Why did you embarrass me like that in front of everybody?" George yelled at the dog. "Do you realize how much money you lost me?" "Don't be silly, George," replied the dog. "Think of the odds we're gonna get on Labor Day."
George Washington was first in war, first in peace -- and the first to have his birthday juggled to make a long weekend.
(German philosopher) Georg Wilhelm Hegel, on his deathbed, complained, "Only one man ever understood me." He fell silent for a while and then added, "And he didn't understand me."
Gerrold's Laws of Infernal Dynamics: (1) An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction. (2) An object at rest will always be in the wrong place. (3) The energy required to change either one of these states will always be more than you wish to expend, but never so much as to make the task totally impossible.
"Get back to your stations!" "We're beaming down to the planet, sir." stardate 3417.3
Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
Get hold of portable property. -- Charles Dickens, "Great Expectations"
Get in touch with your feelings of hostility against the dying light.
Get out, you old Wight! Vanish in the sunlight! Shrivel like the cold mist, like the winds go wailing, Out into the barren lands far beyond the mountains! Come never here again! Leave your barrow empty! Lost and forgotten be, darker than the darkness, Where gates stand for ever shut, till the world is mended.
Get Revenge! Live long enough to be a problem for your children!
Get the Linux Genuine Advantage! Did you wake up this morning and say "I wish someone would figure out a way to let me do less with my computer"? You've come to the right place!
Getting an education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease. It made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on.
Getting into trouble is easy.
Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is like getting kicked out of the Book-of-the-Month Club. of the American Bar Association
Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules. Corollary: Following the rules will not get the job done.
Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.
<gholam> well I'm impressed <gholam> win98 managed to crash X from within vmware. * gholam applauds.
Gibble, Gobble, we ACCEPT YOU ...
Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"): 'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la) Snatch them from their little housies (...) First we chase them 'round the field (...) Then we have them for a meal (...) Toss them here and catch them there (...) See them flying through the air (...) Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...) Falling mice have great appeal (...) See the hunter stretched before us (...) He's chased the mice in field and forest (...) Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...) Of the blood of little critters (...)
Gilbert's Discovery: Any attempt to use the new super glues results in the two pieces sticking to your thumb and index finger rather than to each other.
Gil-galad was an Elven-king. Of him the harpers sadly sing: the last whose realm was fair and free between the Mountains and the Sea. His sword was long, his lance was keen, his shining helm afar was seen; the countless stars of heaven's field were mirrored in his silver shield. But long ago he rode away, and where he dwelleth none can say; for into darkness fell his star in Mordor where the shadows are.
Gimme Twinkies, gimme wine, Gimme jeans by Calvin Kline ... But if you split those atoms fine, Mama keep 'em off those genes of mine! Gimme zits, take my dough, Gimme arsenic in my jelly roll ... Call the devil and sell my soul, But Mama keep dem atoms whole!
Ginger snap.
Ginsberg's Theorem: (1) You can't win. (2) You can't break even. (3) You can't even quit the game. Freeman's Commentary on Ginsberg's theorem: Every major philosophy that attempts to make life seem meaningful is based on the negation of one part of Ginsberg's Theorem. To wit: (1) Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win. (2) Socialism is based on the assumption that you can break even. (3) Mysticism is based on the assumption that you can quit the game.
Ginsburg's Law: At the precise moment you take off your shoe in a shoe store, your big toe will pop out of your sock to see what's going on.
giraffiti: Vandalism spray-painted very, very high.
Give all orders verbally. Never write anything down that might go into a "Pearl Harbor File".
"Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life."
Give a man a fire and he's warm for the day. But set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
Give anyone a lever long enough and they can change the world. It's unreliable levers that are the problem.
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding.
Give him an evasive answer.
Give me a fish and I will eat today. Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.
Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.
Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.
Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
"Give me enough medals, and I'll win any war."
Give me the avowed, the erect, the manly foe, Bold I can meet -- perhaps may turn his blow! But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send, Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
Give me your students, your secretaries, Your huddled writers yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your Selectric III's. Give these, the homeless, typist-tossed to me. I lift my disk beside the processor.
Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
Given its constituency, the only thing I expect to be "open" about [the Open Software Foundation] is its mouth.
Given my druthers, I'd druther not.
Given some of the recent threads, the interactive discussions might need to be conducted on canvas, in the presence of a referee, while wearing padded gloves. ;-)
Given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will get done by itself.
"Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd rather lie around. No contest."
GIVE: Support the helpless victims of computer error.
Give them RADAR-GUIDED SKEE-BALL LANES and VELVEETA BURRITOS!!
Give thought to your reputation. Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
GIVE UP!!!!
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Give your very best today. Heaven knows it's little enough.
Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden: Languages whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful. The LISP machine now permits LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf.
gleemites, n.: Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
glibido: All talk and no action.
Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability: Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting some useful work done.
*Glingleglingleglingle.*
Gloffing is a state of mine.
Glogg (a traditional Scandinavian holiday drink): fifth of dry red wine fifth of Aquavit 1 and 1/2 inch piece of cinnamon 10 cardamom seeds 1 cup raisins 4 dried figs 1 cup blanched or flaked almonds a few pieces of dried orange peel 5 cloves 1/2 lb. sugar cubes Heat up the wine and hard stuff (which may be substituted with wine for the faint of heart) in a big pot after adding all the other stuff EXCEPT the sugar cubes. Just when it reaches boiling, put the sugar in a wire strainer, moisten it in the hot brew, lift it out and ignite it with a match. Dip the sugar several times in the liquid until it is all dissolved. Serve hot in cups with a few raisins and almonds in each cup. N.B. Aquavit may be hard to find and expensive to boot. Use it only if you really have a deep-seated desire to be fussy, or if you are of Swedish extraction.
Gnagloot, n.: A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to impress people.
"Go ahead, bake my quiche" (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
Go ahead, capitalize the T on technology, deify it if it will make you feel less responsible -- but it puts you in with the neutered, brother, in with the eunuchs keeping the harem of our stolen Earth for the numb and joyless hardons of human sultans, human elite with no right at all to be where they are --"
Go ahead... make my day.
Goals... Plans... they're fantasies, they're part of a dream world...
Go away, I'm all right.
Go away! Stop bothering me with all your "compute this ... compute that"! I'm taking a VAX-NAP. logout
Go climb a gravity well!
Goda's Truism: By the time you get to the point where you can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
God decided to take the devil to court and settle their differences once and for all. When Satan heard of this, he grinned and said, "And just where do you think you're going to find a lawyer?"
God does not play dice with the universe: He plays an ineffable game of His own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other players [i.e. everybody], to being involved in an obscure and complex variant of poker in a pitch-dark room, with blank cards, for infinite stakes, with a Dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who *smiles all the time*.
God doesn't play dice.
God gave man two ears and one tongue so that we listen twice as much as we speak.
"God gives burdens; also shoulders" Jimmy Carter cited this Jewish saying in his concession speech at the end of the 1980 election. At least he said it was a Jewish saying; I can't find it anywhere. I'm sure he's telling the truth though; why would he lie about a thing like that?
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
God grant me the senility to accept the things I cannot change, The frustration to try to change things I cannot affect, and the wisdom to tell the difference.
God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.
God helps them that help themselves.
God help the troubadour who tries to be a star. The more that you try to find success, the more that you will fail.
God help those who do not help themselves.
God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!
God instructs the heart, not by ideas, but by pains and contradictions.
Go directly to jail. Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.
"God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh."
God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.
God is dead and I don't feel all too well either....
God is Dead. Nietzsche is Dead. Nietzsche is God.
“God is Dead” — Nietzsche “Nietzsche is Dead” — God ( writing on a toilet's wall )
God is love, but get it in writing.
"(God) is my favourite fictional character." - Homer Simpson
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
God isn't dead. He just doesn't want to get involved.
God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
God is real, unless declared integer.
God is subtle, but he is not malicious.
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.
God must love the common man; He made so many of them.
God requireth not a uniformity of religion.
God rest ye CS students now, The bearings on the drum are gone, Let nothing you dismay. The disk is wobbling, too. The VAX is down and won't be up, We've found a bug in Lisp, and Algol Until the first of May. Can't tell false from true. The program that was due this morn, And now we find that we can't get Won't be postponed, they say. At Berkeley's 4.2. (chorus) (chorus) We've just received a call from DEC, And now some cheery news for you, They'll send without delay The network's also dead, A monitor called RSuX We'll have to print your files on It takes nine hundred K. The line printer instead. The staff committed suicide, The turnaround time's nineteen weeks. We'll bury them today. And only cards are read. (chorus) (chorus) And now we'd like to say to you CHORUS: Oh, tidings of comfort and joy, Before we go away, Comfort and joy, We hope the news we've brought to you Oh, tidings of comfort and joy. Won't ruin your whole day. You've got another program due, tomorrow, by the way. (chorus)
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.
God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects to receive it.
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
Godwin's Law (prov. [Usenet]): As a Usenet discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one." There is a tradition in many groups that, once this occurs, that thread is over, and whoever mentioned the Nazis has automatically lost whatever argument was in progress. Godwin's Law thus guarantees the existence of an upper bound on thread length in those groups.
Goes (Went) over like a lead balloon.
Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields Sold in a market down in New Orleans Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright Hear him whip the women, just around midnight Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good? Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should Drums beating cold English blood runs hot Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop House boy knows that he's doing alright You should a heard him just around midnight. ... I bet your mama was tent show queen And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen I'm no school boy but I know what I like You should have heard me just around midnight.
Golden rule #12: When the comments do not match the code, they probably are both wrong ;)
Goldenstern's Rules: (1) Always hire a rich attorney (2) Never buy from a rich salesman.
Gold, n.: A soft malleable metal relatively scarce in distribution. It is mined deep in the earth by poor men who then give it to rich men who immediately bury it back in the earth in great prisons, although gold hasn't done anything to them.
Gold's Law: If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
Gomme's Laws: (1) A backscratcher will always find new itches. (2) Time accelerates. (3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.
Gone With The Wind LITE(tm) A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed. Gift of the Magi LITE(tm) A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences. The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm) An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
Go not unto the Usenet for advice, for you will be told both yea and nay (and quite a few things that just have nothing at all to do with the question).
Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
"Good afternoon, madam. How may I help you?" "Good afternoon. I'd like a FrintArms HandCannon, please." "A--? Oh, now, that's an awfully big gun for such a lovely lady. I mean, not everybody thinks ladies should carry guns at all, though I say they have a right to. But I think... I might... Let's have a look down here. I might have just the thing for you. Yes, here we are! Look at that, isn't it neat? Now that is a FrintArms product as well, but it's what's called a laser -- a light-pistol some people call them. Very small, as you see; fits easily into a pocket or bag; won't spoil the line of a jacket; and you won't feel you're lugging half a tonne of iron around with you. We do a range of matching accessories, including -- if I may say so -- a rather saucy garter holster. Wish I got to do the fitting for that! Ha -- just my little joke. And there's *even*... here we are -- this special presentation pack: gun, charged battery, charging unit, beautiful glider-hide shoulder holster with adjustable fitting and contrast stitching, and a discount on your next battery. Full instructions, of course, and a voucher for free lessons at your local gun club or range. Or there's the *special* presentation pack; it has all the other one's got but with *two* charged batteries and a night-sight, too. Here, feel that -- don't worry, it's a dummy battery -- isn't it neat? Feel how light it is? Smooth, see? No bits to stick out and catch on your clothes, *and* beautifully balanced. And of course the beauty of a laser is, there's no recoil. Because it's shooting light, you see? Beautiful gun, beautiful gun; my wife has one. Really. That's not a line, she really has. Now, I can do you that one -- with a battery and a free charge -- for ninety-five; or the presentation pack on a special offer for one-nineteen; or this, the special presentation pack, for one-forty-nine." "I'll take the special." "Sound choice, madam, *sound* choice. Now, do--?" "And a HandCannon, with the eighty-mill silencer, five GP clips, three six-five AP/wire-flechettes clips, two bipropellant HE clips, and a Special Projectile Pack if you have one -- the one with the embedding rounds, not the signalers. I assume the night-sight on this toy is compatible?" "Aah... yes, And how does madam wish to pay?" She slapped her credit card on the counter. "Eventually."
Goodbye, cool world.
Good-bye. I am leaving because I am bored.
Good day for a change of scene. Repaper the bedroom wall.
Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
Good day to avoid cops. Crawl to school.
Good day to avoid cops. Crawl to work.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Good evening, gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred ninety-five. My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a song. If you would like, I could sing it for you.
Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of those who govern. The machinery of government is always subordinate to the will of those who administer that machinery. The most important element of government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement. ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Jim_Horning )
Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.
Good morning. This is the telephone company. Due to repairs, we're giving you advance notice that your service will be cut off indefinitely at ten o'clock. That's two minutes from now.
Goodness is about what you do. Not who you pray to.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!
GOOD-NIGHT, everybody ... Now I have to go administer FIRST-AID to my pet LEISURE SUIT!!
Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Good salesmen and good repairmen will never go hungry.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
"Go on, do Deformed Rabbit... it's my favourite." (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
Go on, EMOTE! I was RAISED on thought balloons!!
"Go on, girl! You'll never get a better chance to buy Jif at this price. *Carpe diem*, babe!"
Go on, prove me wrong. Destroy the fabric of the universe. See if I care. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof. Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep. Rotate your tires. Speak glowingly of those greater than yourself, And heed well their advice -- even though they be turkeys. Know what to kiss -- and when. Remember that two wrongs never make a right, But that three do. Wherever possible, put people on "HOLD". Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment, And despite the changing fortunes of time, There is always a big future in computer maintenance. You are a fluke of the universe ... You have no right to be here. Whether you can hear it or not, the universe Is laughing behind your back.
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Gordon's first law: If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing well.
Gordon's Law: If you think you have the solution, the question was poorly phrased.
<gorgo> what do you get when someone cracks your debian machine ? <gorgo> mashed potato...
"Gort, klaatu nikto barada."
Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward? That's the trouble with time travel, you never can tell."
Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends, but quickly to their misfortunes.
gossip, n.: Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
//GO.SYSIN DD *, DOODAH, DOODAH
Got a complaint about the Internal Revenue Service? Call the convenient toll-free "IRS Taxpayer Complaint Hot Line Number": 1-800-AUDITME
Got a dictionary? I want to know the meaning of life.
Got a wife and kids in Baltimore Jack, I went out for a ride and never came back. Like a river that don't know where it's flowing, I took a wrong turn and I just kept going. Everybody's got a hungry heart. Everybody's got a hungry heart. Lay down your money and you play your part, Everybody's got a hungry heart. I met her in a Kingstown bar, We fell in love, I knew it had to end. We took what we had and we ripped it apart, Now here I am down in Kingstown again. Everybody needs a place to rest, Everybody wants to have a home. Don't make no difference what nobody says, Ain't nobody likes to be alone.
"Gotcha, you snot-necked weenies!"
Got Mole problems? Call Avogadro at 6.02 x 10^23.
Go to a movie tonight. Darkness becomes you.
"Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company."
Goto, n.: A programming tool that exists to allow structured programmers to complain about unstructured programmers.
Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish. Don't overdo it.
Government [is] an illusion the governed should not encourage.
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
Government's Law: There is an exception to all laws.
Government spending? I don't know what it's all about. I don't know any more about this thing than an economist does, and, God knows, he doesn't know much.
Governor Tarkin. I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash. I thought I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board.
Go 'way! You're bothering me!
"Gozer the Gozerian: As the duly appointed representative of the city, county and state of New York, I hereby order you to cease all supernatural activities at once and proceed immediately to your place of origin or the nearest parallel dimension, whichever is nearest."
Grabel's Law: 2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.
Graduate life: It's not just a job. It's an indenture.
Graduate students and most professors are no smarter than undergrads. They're just older.
Graduating seniors, parents and friends... Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness. The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism. Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic. Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed denigrating to the political consensus of the moment. Thank you and good luck.
Granddad was superstitious about books. He thought that if you had enough of them around, education leaked out, like radioactivity.
Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine. When he awoke he exclaimed: "I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine, or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
Grandpa Charnock's Law: You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive. [I thought it was when your kids learned to drive. Ed.]
Granny's remedies, made from simple, honest, and generally nearly poisonous herbs and roots, were amazing things. After one dose of stomache-ache jollop, you made sure you never complained of stomach ache ever again. In its way, it was a sort of cure. (Terry Pratchett, Truckers)
Granted, Win95's look wasn't all that new either - Apple tried to sue Microsoft for copying the Macintosh UI / trash can icon, until Microsoft pointed out that Apple got many of its Mac ideas (including the trash can icon) from Xerox ParcPlace. Xerox is probably still wondering why everyone is interested in their trash cans.
Graphics blind the eyes. Audio files deafen the ear. Mouse clicks numb the fingers. Heuristics weaken the mind. Options wither the heart. The Guru observes the net but trusts his inner vision. He allows things to come and go. His heart is as open as the ether.
grasshopotomaus: A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.
Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession. You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy officials have gone by.
Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
"Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love."
Gravity brings me down.
Gravity is a habit that is hard to shake off.
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
Gravity: What you get when you eat too much and too fast.
Gray's Law of Programming: `n+1' trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same time as `n' tasks. Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law: `n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as `n' trivial tasks.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Great American Axiom: Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.
<<< Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people. >>> Unknown, quoted by [Admiral Hyman G. Rickover](http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Hyman_G._Rickover)
Great minds run in great circles.
GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#1): On November 13, Felix Unger was asked to remove himself from his place of residence.
GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#1): April 2, 1751 Isaac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.
GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#2): November 23, 1915 Pancake make-up is invented; most people continue to prefer syrup.
Great Moments in History: #3 August 27, 1949: A Hall of Fame opened to honor outstanding members of the Women's Air Corp. It was a WAC's Museum.
Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. They laughed at Einstein. They laughed at the Wright Brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
Greebo could, in fact, commit sexual harrassment simply by sitting very quietly in the next room.
Greebo's technique was unscientific and wouldn't have stood a chance against any decent swordmanship, but on his side was the fact that it is almost impossible to develop decent swordmanship when you seem to have run into a food mixer that is biting your ear off.
Greener's Law: Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
Green light in A.M. for new projects. Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
greenrd's law Evey post disparaging someone else's spelling or grammar, or lauding one's own spelling or grammar, will inevitably contain a spelling or grammatical error.
Green's Law of Debate: Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.
"...Greg Nowak: `Another flame from greg' - need I say more?" "No. You need to say less."
[Greg the tech support guy is sitting in a Veterans club along with a veteran.] Veteran: Tech support? What the hell kind of wussy veteran experience is *that*?! Greg: Look, pal, *you* try to deal rationally with a horde of puerile, clueless, I-make-more-money-than-you-so-fix-this-now dorks on a daily basis and then tell me who should get a medal. [Pause.] Veteran: I…I'm sorry. I didn't know... Greg: Buddy, you have just *no idea* what *real* pain is about.
Grelb's Reminder: Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average drivers.
grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
Griffin's Thought: When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.
Grig (the navigator): ... so you see, it's just the two of us against the entire space armada. Alex (the gunner): What?!? Grig: I've always wanted to fight a desperate battle against overwhelming odds. Alex: It'll be a slaughter! Grig: That's the spirit!
Grinnell's Law of Labor Laxity: At all times, for any task, you have not got enough done today.
<grin> seen jhm <dpkg> jhm is Sarek, and jhm is on the channel right now! * JHM wonders why dpkg remembers that particular nick. <grin> dpkg: Sarek? ermm, sure, and I am Khan
Grover Cleveland, though constantly at loggerheads with the Senate, got on better with the House of Representatives. A popular story circulating during his presidency concerned the night he was roused by his wife crying, "Wake up! I think there are burglars in the house." "No, no, my dear," said the president sleepily, "in the Senate maybe, but not in the House."
Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
"Growl, growl." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
**** GROWTH CENTER REPAIR SERVICE For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos. Tired of being genuine all the time? Would you like to learn how to be a little phony again? Have you disclosed so much that you're beginning to avoid people? Have you touched so many people that they're all beginning to feel the same? Like to be a little dependent? Are perfect orgasms beginning to bore you? Would you like, for once, not to express a feeling? Or better yet, not be in touch with it at all? Come to us. We promise to relieve you of the burden of your great potential.
Grub first, then ethics.
Guillotine, n.: A French chopping center.
Guilt was the grease in which the wheels of the authority turned.
Gumperson's Law: The probability of a given event occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.
Guns don't kill people. It's those damn bullets. Guns just make them go really really fast.
Gunter's Airborne Discoveries: (1) When you are served a meal aboard an aircraft, the aircraft will encounter turbulence. (2) The strength of the turbulence is directly proportional to the temperature of your coffee.
gurmlish, n.: The red warning flag at the top of a club sandwich which prevents the person from biting into it and puncturing the roof of his mouth.
guru, n: A computer owner who can read the manual.
guru, n.: A person in T-shirt and sandals who took an elevator ride with a senior vice-president and is ultimately responsible for the phone call you are about to receive from your boss.
* gxam wonders if all these globals are really necessary <Knghtbrd> most of them at the moment yes <Knghtbrd> we REALLY need to clean them up at some point <Knghtbrd> gxam: the globals will have to go away as we migrate towards modularity and madness (ie, libtool)
gyroscope, n.: A wheel or disk mounted to spin rapidly about an axis and also free to rotate about one or both of two axes perpendicular to each other and the axis of spin so that a rotation of one of the two mutually perpendicular axes results from application of torque to the other when the wheel is spinning and so that the entire apparatus offers considerable opposition depending on the angular momentum to any torque that would change the direction of the axis of spin.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed down-stairs a step at a time.
hacker, n.: A master byter.
hacker, n.: Originally, any person with a knack for coercing stubborn inanimate things; hence, a person with a happy knack, later contracted by the mythical philosopher Frisbee Frobenius to the common usage, 'hack'. In olden times, upon completion of some particularly atrocious body of coding that happened to work well, culpable programmers would gather in a small circle around a first edition of Knuth's Best Volume I by candlelight, and proceed to get very drunk while sporadically rending the following ditty: Hacker's Fight Song He's a Hack! He's a Hack! He's a guy with the happy knack! Never bungles, never shirks, Always gets his stuff to work! All take a drink (important!)
Hackers are just a migratory lifeform with a tropism for computers.
Hacker's Guide To Cooking: 2 pkg. cream cheese (the mushy white stuff in silver wrappings that doesn't really come from Philadelphia after all; anyway, about 16 oz.) 1 tsp. vanilla extract (which is more alcohol than vanilla and pretty strong so this part you *GOTTA* measure) 1/4 cup sugar (but honey works fine too) 8 oz. Cool Whip (the fluffy stuff devoid of nutritional value that you can squirt all over your friends and lick off...) "Blend all together until creamy with no lumps." This is where you get to join(1) all the raw data in a big buffer and then filter it through merge(1m) with the -thick option, I mean, it starts out ultra lumpy and icky looking and you have to work hard to mix it. Try an electric beater if you have a cat(1) that can climb wall(1s) to lick it off the ceiling(3m). "Pour into a graham cracker crust..." Aha, the BUGS section at last. You just happened to have a GCC sitting around under /etc/food, right? If not, don't panic(8), merely crumble a rand(3m) handful of innocent GCs into a suitable tempfile and mix in some melted butter. "...and refrigerate for an hour." Leave the recipe's stdout in a fridge for 3.6E6 milliseconds while you work on cleaning up stderr, and by time out your cheesecake will be ready for stdin.
Hacker's Law: The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir a nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions.
Hackers of the world, unite!
Hacker's Quicky #313: Sour Cream -n- Onion Potato Chips Microwave Egg Roll Chocolate Milk
Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.
Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there may be in Science. As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system. Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results. And listen to others, even the dull and ignorant, for they may be your customers. Avoid loud and aggressive persons, for they are sales reps. If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised, for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched. Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real hassle and could change your fortunes in time. Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of bugs. But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations. Strive for proportionality. Especially, do not faint when it occurs. Neither be cyclical about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed. Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points. Gracefully pass them on to the youth at the next desk. Nurture some mutual funds to shield you in times of sudden layoffs. But do not distress yourself with imaginings Universe -- and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt <Curl>B*n dS = 0. Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you can conceive of to try. With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary. Be linear. Strive to stay employed.
«had been responsible for the 'production and distribution of more than 90 percent of the high-quality counterfeit Microsoft software products.» Why doesn't MSFT sell these "high-quality" products instead of the crap they've been selling us for years.
"Had he and I but met By some old ancient inn, But ranged as infantry, We should have sat us down to wet And staring face to face, Right many a nipperkin! I shot at him as he at me, And killed him in his place. I shot him dead because -- Because he was my foe, He thought he'd 'list, perhaps, Just so: my foe of course he was; Off-hand-like -- just as I -- That's clear enough; although Was out of work -- had sold his traps No other reason why. Yes; quaint and curious war is! You shoot a fellow down You'd treat, if met where any bar is Or help to half-a-crown."
... Had this been an actual emergency, we would have fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.
"Hah, I can just see a real playsmith putting *donkeys* in a play!"
Hailing frequencies open, Captain.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side? And hain't that a big enough majority in any town?
HAIR TONICS, please!!
Ha. I say let them try -- even vi+perl couldn't match the power of an editor which is, after all, its own OS. ;-)
Hale Mail Rule, The: When you are ready to reply to a letter, you will lack at least one of the following: (a) A pen or pencil or typewriter. (b) Stationery. (c) Postage stamp. (d) The letter you are answering.
Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be. But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity. See? But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee, When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?
Half a mind is a terrible thing to waste!
half-done, n.: This is the best way to eat a kosher dill -- when it's still crunchy, light green, yet full of garlic flavor. The difference between this and the typical soggy dark green cucumber corpse is like the difference between life and death. You may find it difficult to find a good half-done kosher dill there in Seattle, so what you should do is take a cab out to the airport, fly to New York, take the JFK Express to Jay Street-Borough Hall, transfer to an uptown F, get off at East Broadway, walk north on Essex (along the park), make your first left onto Hester Street, walk about fifteen steps, turn ninety degrees left, and stop. Say to the man, "Let me have a nice half-done." Worth the trouble, wasn't it?
Half Moon tonight. (At least it's better than no Moon at all.)
Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
/* Halley */ (Halley's comment.)
Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.
Hand me a pair of leather pants and a CASIO keyboard -- I'm living for today!
Hand, n.: A singular instrument worn at the end of a human arm and commonly thrust into somebody's pocket.
handshaking protocol, n: A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initate a terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
Hangover, n.: The burden of proof.
hangover, n.: The wrath of grapes.
Hanlon's Razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Hanson's Treatment of Time: There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days before Saturday.
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
Happiness is a hard disk.
Happiness is a positive cash flow.
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.
Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.
Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
Happiness is the greatest good.
Happiness is twin floppies.
Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.
Happiness, n.: An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.
Happy feast of the pig!
hard, adj.: The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those of other people.
Hard Copies and Chmod And everyone thinks computers are impersonal cold diskdrives hardware monitors user-hostile software of course they're only bits and bytes and characters and strings and files just some old textfiles from my old boyfriend telling me he loves me and he'll take care of me simply a discarded printout of a friend's directory deep intimate secrets and how he doesn't trust me couldn't hurt me more if they were scented in lavender or mould on personal stationery
Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
Hardware met Software on the road to Changtse. Software said: "You are the Yin and I am the Yang. If we travel together we will become famous and earn vast sums of money." And so the pair set forth together, thinking to conquer the world. Presently, they met Firmware, who was dressed in tattered rags, and hobbled along propped on a thorny stick. Firmware said to them: "The Tao lies beyond Yin and Yang. It is silent and still as a pool of water. It does not seek fame, therefore nobody knows its presence. It does not seek fortune, for it is complete within itself. It exists beyond space and time." Software and Hardware, ashamed, returned to their homes.
Hardware, n.: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
Hark, the Herald Tribune sings, Advertising wondrous things. Angels we have heard on High Tell us to go out and Buy.
Hark ye, Clinker, you are a most notorious offender. You stand convicted of sickness, hunger, wretchedness, and want.
Harmony Embracing the Way, you become embraced; Breathing gently, you become newborn; Clearing your mind, you become clear; Nurturing your children, you become impartial; Opening your heart, you become accepted; Accepting the world, you embrace the Way. Bearing and nurturing, Creating but not owning, Giving without demanding, This is harmony.
Harp not on that string.
Harriet's Dining Observation: In every restaurant, the hardness of the butter pats increases in direct proportion to the softness of the bread.
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab: Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
Harrison's Postulate: For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
Harris's Lament: All the good ones are taken.
Harry is heavily into camping, and every year in the late fall, he makes us all go to Assateague, which is an island on the Atlantic Ocean famous for its wild horses. I realize that the concept of wild horses probably stirs romantic notions in many of you, but this is because you have never met any wild horses in person. In person, they are like enormous hooved rats. They amble up to your camp site, and their attitude is: "We're wild horses. We're going to eat your food, knock down your tent and poop on your shoes. We're protected by federal law, just like Richard Nixon."
Harry's bar has a new cocktail. It's called MRS punch. They make it with milk, rum and sugar and it's wonderful. The milk is for vitality and the sugar is for pep. They put in the rum so that people will know what to do with all that pep and vitality.
Hartley's First Law: You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float on his back, you've got something.
HARVARD: Quarterback: Sophomore Dave Strewzinski... likes to pass. And pass he does, with a record 86 attempts (three completions) in 87 plays.... Though Strewzinksi has so far failed to score any points for the Crimson, his jackrabbit speed has made him the least sacked quarterback in the Ivy league. Wide Receiver: The other directional signal in Harvard's offensive machine is senior Phil Yip, who is very fast. Yip is so fast that he has set a record for being fast. Expect to see Yip elude all pursuers and make it into the endzone five or six times, his average for a game. Yip, nicknamed "fumblefingers" and "you asshole" by his teammates, hopes to carry the ball with him at least one of those times. YALE: Defense: On the defensive side, Yale boasts the stingiest line in the Ivies. Primarily responsible are seniors Izzy "Shylock" Bloomberg and Myron Finklestein, the tightest ends in recent Eli history. Also contributing to the powerful defense is junior tackle Angus MacWhirter, a Scotsman who rounds out the offensive ethnic joke. Look for these three to shut down the opening coin toss.
Has anyone ever tasted an "end"? Are they really bitter?
"Has anyone had problems with the computer accounts?" "Yes, I don't have one." "Okay, you can send mail to one of the tutors ..."
Has anyone realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is to defuse project tensions? When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a non-cynical, or even an informative cookie? Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions. This still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or only serves to blunt the warning signs. Long live the revolution! Have a nice day.
Has everybody got HALVAH spread all over their ANKLES?? ... Now, it's time to "HAVE A NAGEELA"!!
Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word "database" are typed with the left hand? Now the layout of the QWERTYUIOP typewriter keyboard was designed, among other things, to facilitate the even use of both hands. It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is not only unnatural, but a lot harder than it appears.
Haste makes waste.
Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility? Does it appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down, and its salient virtuosi a gang of unmitigated scoundrels? Then let us not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickle the midriff, its incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
Has your family tried 'em? POWDERMILK BISCUITS Heavens, they're tasty and expeditious! They're made from whole wheat, to give shy persons the strength to get up and do what needs to be done. POWDERMILK BISCUITS Buy them ready-made in the big blue box with the picture of the biscuit on the front, or in the brown bag with the dark stains that indicate freshness.
Hate is like acid. It can damage the vessel in which it is stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.
Hate the sin and love the sinner.
Hating the Yankees is as American as pizza pie, unwed mothers and cheating on your income tax.
Hatred, n.: A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's superiority.
Have a bit more patience with newbies. Of course some of them act dumb -- they're often *students*, for heaven's sake.
Have an adequate day.
Have a nice day!
Have a nice diurnal anomaly.
"Have another drink, not-Corporal Nobby?" said Sergeant Colon unsteadily. "I do not mind if I do, not-Sgt Colon," said Nobby. (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom.
Have a taco.
Have at you!
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
Have the courage to take your own thoughts seriously, for they will shape you.
- "Have you any last words?" - YES. I DON'T WANT TO GO. - "Well. Succinct, anyway." (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
Have you ever felt like a wounded cow halfway between an oven and a pasture? walking in a trance toward a pregnant seventeen-year-old housewife's two-day-old cookbook?
Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying to tell you `there's a time for work and a time for play' never find the time for play?
"Have you lived here all your life?" "Oh, twice that long."
Have you locked your file cabinet?
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?
Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline sharply the minute they start waving guns around?
Have you reconsidered a computer career?
Have you seen how Sonny's burning, Like some bright erotic star, He lights up the proceedings, And raises the temperature.
Have you seen the latest Japanese camera? Apparently it is so fast it can photograph an American with his mouth shut!
Have you seen the old man in the closed down market, Kicking up the papers in his worn out shoes? In his eyes you see no pride, hands hang loosely at his side Yesterdays papers, telling yesterdays news. How can you tell me you're lonely, And say for you the sun don't shine? Let me take you by the hand Lead you through the streets of London I'll show you something to make you change your mind... Have you seen the old man outside the sea-man's mission Memories fading like the metal ribbons that he wears. In our winter city the rain cries a little pity For one more forgotten hero and a world that doesn't care...
Have you seen the well-to-do, up and down Park Avenue? On that famous thoroughfare, with their noses in the air, High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars, Spending every dime, for a wonderful time... If you're blue and you don't know where to go to, Why don't you go where fashion sits, ... Dressed up like a million dollar trooper, Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper, (super dooper) Come, let's mix where Rockefeller's walk with sticks, Or umberellas, in their mitts, Puttin' on the Ritz. ... If you're blue and you don't know where to go to, Why don't you go where fashion sits, Puttin' on the Ritz. Puttin' on the Ritz. Puttin' on the Ritz. Puttin' on the Ritz.
Having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer.
Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
Having no talent is no longer enough.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar. "At last," cried Sam, "man's best friend -- and a great big dog, too!"
Hawkeye's Conclusion: It's not easy to play the clown when you've got to run the whole circus.
"Hawk, we're going to die." "Never say die... and certainly never say we."
HEAD CRASH!! FILES LOST!! Details at 11.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
Hear about the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus? Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.
Hear about the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery? One fortunate cookie...
Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several Guernsey cows? It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.
Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now.
Heaven, n.: A place where the wicked cease from troubling you with talk of their personal affairs, and the good listen with attention while you expound your own.
Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
heavy, adj.: Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.
He'd been particularly pleased with Manchester. (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
"He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion."
He didn't look mad, but they never did.
"He didn't run for reelection. `Politics brings you into contact with all the people you'd give anything to avoid,' he said. `I'm staying home.'"
He didn't run for reelection. "Politics brings you into contact with all the people you'd give anything to avoid," he said. "I'm staying home."
"He didn't take any notice!" whispered Tomjon. "A born critic," said the dwarf. (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
He did of course sometimes have people horribly tortured to death, but this was considered to be perfectly acceptable behaviour for a civic ruler and generally approved of by the overhelming majority of citizens. [footnote: The overhelming majority of citizens being defined in this case as everyone not currently hanging upside down over a scorpion pit]
He'd never realized that, deep down inside, what he really wanted to do was make things go splat.
... he dominates the DECADENT SUBWAY SCENE.
Hedonist for hire... no job too easy!
hedonistic diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow. congeries of small, green bryophytic plant. optimal cachinnation. escalation of a lucrative nature. fracturing osseous structure, but appellations will eternally remain innocuous.
"He don't know me vewy well, DO he?" -- Bugs Bunny
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument.
"He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions."
Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history. -George Bernard Shaw
He had a unique stride: it looked as though his body was being dragged forward and his legs had to flail around underneath it, landing wherever they could find room. It wasn't so much a walk as a collapse, indefinitely postponed.
He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned all hope of ever behaving "normally."
He had the look of a lawn mower just after the grass had organised a workers' collective. There was a definite suggestion that, deep inside, he knew this was not really happening. It could not be happening because this sort of thing did not happen. Any contradictory evidence could be safely ignored.
He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
He has shown you, o man, what is good. And what does the Lord ask of you, but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly before your God?
He hated being thought of as one of those people that wore stupid ornamental armour. It was gilt by association.
...He hated the very idea of the world being divided into the shaved and the shavers. Or those who wore the shiny boots and those who cleaned the mud off them. Every time he saw Willikins the butler fold his, Vimes's, clothes, he suppressed a terrible urge to kick the butler's shiny backside as an affront to the dignity of man.
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
He heard there oft the flying sound Of feet as light as linden-leaves, Of music welling underground, In hidden hollows quavering. Now withered lay the hemlock-sheaves, And one by one with sighing sound Whispering fell the beechen leaves In the wintry woodland wavering. He sought her ever, wandering far Where leaves of years were thickly strewn, By light of moon and ray of star In frosty heavens shivering. Her mantle glinted in the moon, As on a hill-top high and far She danced, and at her feet was strewn A mist of silver quivering. When winter passed, she came again, And her song released the sudden spring, Like rising lark, and falling rain, And melting water bubbling. He saw the elven-flowers spring About her feet, and healed again He longed by her to dance and sing Upon the grass untroubling.
He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
Heisenberg may have been here.
Heisenberg may have slept here...
Heisenberg might have been here.
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
He is the best of men who dislikes power.
He is the MELBA-BEING ... the ANGEL CAKE ... XEROX him ... XEROX him --
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.
He knew the tavernes well in every toun.
He knows not how to know who knows not also how to unknow.
He laughs at every joke three times... once when it's told, once when it's explained, and once when he understands it.
He: Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science. She: What?!? Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
He liked fishing a little too much, and he believed that work was something a man did when he had to. He had always been able to get along well enough without it, especially for the last couple of years.
Heller's Law: The first myth of management is that it exists. Johnson's Corollary: Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the organization.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
"Hello again, Peabody here..."
Hello? Enema Bondage? I'm calling because I want to be happy, I guess ...
HELLO, everybody, I'm a HUMAN!!
Hello, GORRY-O!! I'm a GENIUS from HARVARD!!
"Hello," he lied.
Hello. I know the divorce rate among unmarried Catholic Alaskan females!!
Hello... IRON CURTAIN? Send over a SAUSAGE PIZZA! World War III? No thanks!
Hello. Jim Rockford's machine, this is Larry Doheny's machine. Will you please have your master call my master at his convenience? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Hello. Just walk along and try NOT to think about your INTESTINES being almost FORTY YARDS LONG!!
HELLO KITTY gang terrorizes town, family STICKERED to death!
He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
Help a swallow land at Capistrano.
Help fight continental drift.
HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/games/lib!
Help! I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
Help! I'm trapped in a PDP 11/70!
HELP! Man trapped in a human body!
Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!
"Help Mr. Wizard!"
HELP! MY TYPEWRITER IS BROKEN!
"Help save the world!" -- Larry Wall in README
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
Help stamp out Mickey-Mouse computer interfaces -- Menus are for Restaurants!
He married that Palliard girl, remember? The one with the air-cooled teeth?
He microwaved himself something called a Pour-On Genuine Creole Lasagne, which said it served four portions. It did if you were dwarfs.
He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
He moved in a way that suggested he was attempting the world speed record for the nonchalant walk.
Hempstone's Question: If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
He nodded to the troll which was employed by the Drum as a splatter [footnote: Like a bouncer, but trolls use more force]. (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
He only knew his iron spine held up the sky -- he didn't realize his brain had fallen to the ground.
He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
He probably just wants to take over my CELLS and then EXPLODE inside me like a BARREL of runny CHOPPED LIVER! Or maybe he'd like to PSYCHOLIGICALLY TERRORISE ME until I have no objection to a RIGHT-WING MILITARY TAKEOVER of my apartment!! I guess I should call AL PACINO!
Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; always busy without getting on, always behind hand and lamenting it, without altering her ways; wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or regularity; dissatisfied with her servants, without skill to make them better, and whether helping, or reprimanding, or indulging them, without any power of engaging their respect.
"Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people; from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth ..."
"Here comes Mr. Bill's dog."
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be I've been caught inside this trap too many times I must've walked these steps and said these words a thousand times before It seems like I know everybody's lines.
Here I am at the flea market but nobody is buying my urine sample bottles ...
Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
Here I am in 53 B.C. and all I want is a dill pickle!!
Here I am in the POSTERIOR OLFACTORY LOBULE but I don't see CARL SAGAN anywhere!!
Here in my heart, I am Helen; I'm Aspasia and Hero, at least. I'm Judith, and Jael, and Madame de Stael; I'm Salome, moon of the East. Here in my soul I am Sappho; Lady Hamilton am I, as well. In me Recamier vies with Kitty O'Shea, With Dido, and Eve, and poor Nell. I'm all of the glamorous ladies At whose beckoning history shook. But you are a man, and see only my pan, So I stay at home with a book.
Here is an Appalachian version of management's answer to those who are concerned with the fate of the project: "Don't worry about the mule. Just load the wagon."
Here is a simple experiment that will teach you an important electrical lesson: On a cool, dry day, scuff your feet along a carpet, then reach your hand into a friend's mouth and touch one of his dental fillings. Did you notice how your friend twitched violently and cried out in pain? This teaches us that electricity can be a very powerful force, but we must never use it to hurt others unless we need to learn an important electrical lesson. It also teaches us how an electrical circuit works. When you scuffed your feet, you picked up batches of "electrons", which are very small objects that carpet manufacturers weave into carpets so they will attract dirt. The electrons travel through your bloodstream and collect in your finger, where they form a spark that leaps to your friend's filling, then travels down to his feet and back into the carpet, thus completing the circuit. Amazing Electronic Fact: If you scuffed your feet long enough without touching anything, you would build up so many electrons that your finger would explode! But this is nothing to worry about unless you have carpeting.
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't.
Here I sit, broken-hearted, All logged in, but work unstarted. First net.this and net.that, And a hot buttered bun for net.fat. The boss comes by, and I play the game, Then I turn back to net.flame. Is there a cure (I need your views), For someone trapped in net.news? I need your help, I say 'tween sobs, 'Cause I'll soon be listed in net.jobs.
Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month. According to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe marketing anxiety in China. The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending on the inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole". Bite the wax tadpole. There is a sort of rough justice, is there not? The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get a whole column out of it. I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax tadpole. Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare. Not bad, but broad satiric vistas do not open up.
HERE LIES LESTER MOORE SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A .44 NO LES NO MOORE
Here’s some advice boy. Don’t put your trust in revolutions. They always come around again. That's why they’re called revolutions.
"Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like `Psychic Wins Lottery'?"
"Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like `Psychic Wins Lottery.'"
Here's the thing about lawyers: they don't write to communicate. Lawyers are like programmers, their code doesn't have to be human-readable. It may even be deliberately obfuscated. It just has to run on the target system and produce the desired outcome. In the case of terms-of-use language, the target system is the courts, and the desired outcome is income. http://pragprog.com/magazines/2013-01/shady-illuminations
Here there be tygers.
Here we are in America ... when do we collect unemployment?
Her locks an ancient lady gave Her loving husband's life to save; And men -- they honored so the dame -- Upon some stars bestowed her name. But to our modern married fair, Who'd give their lords to save their hair, No stellar recognition's given. There are not stars enough in heaven.
Herth's Law: He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.
"?" he said.
"He's a man of few words, and he doesn't know what either of them mean," people said, but not when he was within hearing.
"He says gods like to see an atheist around. Gives them something to aim at."
He says "One and one and one is three". Got to be good-looking 'cause he's so hard to see. Excerpt from "Come Together" by the Beatles.
He's been like a father to me, He's the only DJ you can get after three, I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band, And why he don't like me I don't understand.
He's dead, Jim.
"He's going to go totally Librarian-poo."
"He's in love," said Gaspode. "It's very tricky." "Yeah, I know how it is," said the cat sympathetically. "People throwing old boots and things at you."
He's just a politician trying to save both his faces...
He's just like Capistrano, always ready for a few swallows.
He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of his opinion. It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
"He's muffed it," said Simony. "he could have done *anything* with them. And he just told them the facts. You can't inspire people with facts. They need a cause. They need a symbol."
He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.
"He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is ..."
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that teaches himself has a fool for a master.
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
He thinks the Gettysburg Address is where Lincoln lived.
He thought he saw an albatross That fluttered 'round the lamp. He looked again and saw it was A penny postage stamp. "You'd best be getting home," he said, "The nights are rather damp."
He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than three hundred years ago. "What is the 'Body of a rock'?" he was asked. In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by slashing his abdomen with a knife. Just as the pupil was about to comply, the Master stayed his hand, saying, "That is the 'Body of a rock'."
[He] took me into his library and showed me his books, of which he had a complete set.
Heuristics are bug ridden by definition. If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
He was always at a loss when people acted like this. When machines went funny you just oiled them or prodded them or, if nothing else worked, hit them with a hammer. Nomes didn't respond well to this treatment.
"He was a modest, good-humored boy. It was Oxford that made him insufferable."
He was aware that a wise man should always respect the folkways of others, to use Carrot's happy phrase, but Vimes often had difficulty with this idea. For one thing, there were people in the world whose folkways consisted of gutting other people like clams and this was not a procedure that commanded, in Vimes, any kind of respect at all.
He was currently wondering vaguely who Moey and Chandon were. (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
He wasn't strictly aware of it, but he treated even geography as if he was investigating a crime (did you see who carved out the valley? Would you recognize that glacier if you saw it again?)
He was part of my dream, of course -- but then I was part of his dream too.
He was said to have the body of a twenty-five year old, although no one knew where he kept it. (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He was trying to find some help in the ancient military journals of General Tacticus, whose intelligent campaigning had been so successful that he'd lent his very name to the detailed prosecution of martial endeavour, and had actually found a section headed What to Do If One Army Occupies a Well-fortified and Superior Ground and the Other Does Not, but since the first sentence read "Endeavour to be the one inside" he'd rather lost heart.
Hewett's Observation: The rudeness of a bureaucrat is inversely proportional to his or her position in the governmental hierarchy and to the number of peers similarly engaged.
He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry attacks democracy itself.
He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for the human condition is a fool.
He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.
He who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside.
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much a master of the world as he who is ready to die.
He who hates vices hates mankind.
He who hesitates is last.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who is content with his lot probably has a lot.
He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.
He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage -- he won't encounter many rivals.
He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.
"He who is only an athelete is too crude, too vulgar, too much a savage. He who is a scholar only is too soft, too effeminate. The ideal citizen is the scholar athlete, the man of thought and the man of action"
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
He who knows not and knows that he knows not is ignorant. Teach him. He who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool. Shun him. He who knows and knows not that he knows is asleep. Wake him.
He who knows nothing, knows nothing. But he who knows he knows nothing knows something. And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing, he knows something. Or something like that.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
...He who laughs does not believe in what he laughs at, but neither does he hate it. Therefore, laughing at evil means not preparing oneself to combat it, and laughing at good means denying the power through which good is self-propagating.
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.
He who laughs last is probably your boss.
He who laughs last -- missed the punch line.
He who laughs, lasts.
He who laughs last usually had to have joke explained.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
He who loses, wins the race, And parallel lines meet in space.
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
He who minds his own business is never unemployed.
He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will be the greatest benefactor the world has yet known.
He who slings mud generally loses ground.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
He who steps on others to reach the top has good balance.
He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
He who writes with no misspelled words has prevented a first suspicion on the limits of his scholarship or, in the social world, of his general education and culture.
He wondered reflectively what would happen if you asked a nun where the Gents was. Probably the Pope sent you a sharp note or something.
Hey! Come derry dol! Hop along, my hearties! Hobbits! Ponies all! We are fond of parties. Now let the fun begin! Let us sing together!
Hey! Come merry dol! derry dol! My darling! Light goes the weather-wind and the feathered starling. Down along under Hill, shining in the sunlight, Waiting on the doorstep for the cold starlight, There my pretty lady is, River-woman's daughter, Slender as the willow-wand, clearer than the water. Old Tom Bombadil water-lilies bringing Comes hopping home again. Can you hear him singing? Hey! Come merry dol! derry dol! and merry-o Goldberry, Goldberry, merry yellow berry-o! Poor old Willow-man, you tuck your roots away! Tom's in a hurry now. Evening will follow day. Tom's going home again water-lilies bringing. Hey! come derry dol! Can you hear me singing?
Hey, diddle, diddle the overflow pdl To get a little more stack; If that's not enough then you lose it all And have to pop all the way back.
Hey dol! merry dol! ring a dong dillo! Ring a dong! hop along! fal lal the willow! Tom Bom, jolly Tom, Tom Bombadillo!
Hey, if pi == 3, and three == 0, does that make pi == 0? :-)
Hey, I had to let awk be better at *something*... :-)
"Hey Ivan, check your six." of a Russian Su-27
HEY KIDS! ANN LANDERS SAYS: Be sure it's true, when you say "I love you". It's a sin to tell a lie. Millions of hearts have been broken, just because these words were spoken.
Hey! now! Come hoy now! Whither do you wander? Up, down, near or far, here, there or yonder? Sharp-ears, Wise-nose, Swish-tail and Bumpkin, White-socks my little lad, and old Fatty Lumpkin!
"Hey, Sam, how about a loan?" "Whattaya need?" "Oh, about $500." "Whattaya got for collateral?" "Whattaya need?" "How about an eye?"
Hey, wait a minute!! I want a divorce!! ... you're not Clint Eastwood!!
Hey, waiter! I want a NEW SHIRT and a PONY TAIL with lemon sauce!
Hey, what do you expect from a culture that *drives* on *parkways* and *parks* on *driveways*?
"Hey! Who took the cork off my lunch??!"
Hiccuping & trembling into the WASTE DUMPS of New Jersey like some drunken CABBAGE PATCH DOLL, coughing in line at FIORUCCI'S!!
Hickory Dickory Dock, The mice ran up the clock, The clock struck one, The others escaped with minor injuries.
Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse? WE CAN HELP! Call (511) 338-0959 for an immediate appointment.
Hier liegt ein Mann ganz obnegleich; Im Leibe dick, an Suden reich. Wir haben ihn in das Grab gesteckt, Here lies a man with sundry flaws Weil es uns dunkt er sei verreckt. And numerous Sins upon his head; We buried him today because As far as we can tell, he's dead. Sue Bach and written by the local doggeral catcher; "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter Schickele
H: If a 'GOBLIN (HOB) waylays you, Slice him up before he slays you. Nothing makes you look a slob Like running from a HOB'LIN (GOB).
Higgeldy Piggeldy, Hamlet of Elsinore Ruffled the critics by Dropping this bomb: "Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis -- Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just love Mom."
Higgins: Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue. Doolittle: A little of both, Guv'nor. Like the rest of us, a little of both.
Higher education helps your earning capacity. Ask any college professor.
High Priest: Armaments Chapter One, verses nine through twenty-seven: Bro. Maynard: And Saint Attila raised the Holy Hand Grenade up on high saying, "Oh Lord, Bless us this Holy Hand Grenade, and with it smash our enemies to tiny bits." And the Lord did grin, and the people did feast upon the lambs, and stoats, and orangutans, and breakfast cereals, and lima bean- High Priest: Skip a bit, brother. Bro. Maynard: And then the Lord spake, saying: "First, shalt thou take out the holy pin. Then shalt thou count to three. No more, no less. *Three* shall be the number of the counting, and the number of the counting shall be three. *Four* shalt thou not count, and neither count thou two, excepting that thou then goest on to three. Five is RIGHT OUT. Once the number three, being the third number be reached, then lobbest thou thy Holy Hand Grenade towards thy foe, who, being naughty in my sight, shall snuff it. Amen. All: Amen.
Hi! How are things going? (just fine, thank you...) Great! Say, could I bother you for a question? (you just asked one...) Well, how about one more? (one more than the first one?) Yes. (you already asked that...) [at this point, Alphonso gets smart... ] May I ask two questions, sir? (no.) May I ask ONE then? (nope...) Then may I ask, sir, how I may ask you a question? (yes, you may.) Sir, how may I ask you a question? (you must ask for retroactive question asking privileges for the number of questions you have asked, then ask for that number plus two, one for the current question, and one for the next one) Sir, may I ask nine questions? (go right ahead...)
Hi! I'm a .signature virus! Copy me into your ~/.signature to help me sprea= d!
Hi! I'm Larry. This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother Jimbo. We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.
"Hi, I'm Preston A. Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet. As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney. Do you have a car or a job? Do you ever walk around? If so, you probably have the makings of an excellent legal case. Although of course every case is different, I would definitely say that based on my experience and training, there's no reason why you shouldn't come out of this thing with at least a cabin cruiser. "Remember, at the Preston A. Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our motto is: 'It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain.'"
"Hi, I'm Professor Alan Ginsburg... But you can call me... Captain Toke."
Hi! I’m Tony Horne, creator of P90X, and I got a brand new program for overweight pop-stars to go from bass to treble in just 90 seconds. It’s called Treble 90X.
Hi Jimbo. Dennis. Really appreciate the help on the income tax. You wanna help on the audit now?
Hildebrant's Principle: If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
Hindsight is always 20:20.
Hindsight is an exact science.
hipatitis: Terminal coolness.
Hippogriff, n.: An animal (now extinct) which was half horse and half griffin. The griffin was itself a compound creature, half lion and half eagle. The hippogriff was actually, therefore, only one quarter eagle, which is two dollars and fifty cents in gold. The study of zoology is full of surprises.
Hire the morally handicapped.
"Hiro has two loves, baseball and porn, but due to an elbow injury he gives up baseball...." http://anidb.info/perl-bin/animedb.pl?show=anime&aid=352
...his disciples lead him in; he just does the rest.
"His eyes were cold. As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling outside. Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew..."
His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god. He preferred to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam. He never claimed to be a god. But then, he never claimed not to be a god. Circum- stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit. Silence, though, could. It was in the days of the rains that their prayers went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri, goddess of the Night. The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday. Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
"His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had money, he went to Southern California."
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
His honour rooted in dishonour stood, And faith unfaithful kept him falsely true.
His ideas of first-aid stopped short of squirting soda water.
His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
His philosophy was a mixture of three famous schools -- the Cynics, the Stoics and the Epicureans -- and summed up all three of them in his famous phrase, "You can't trust any bugger further than you can throw him, and there's nothing you can do about it, so let's have a drink." (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that continues to this day.
Historically Tcl has always stored all intermediate results as strings. (With 8.0 they're rethinking that. Of course, Perl rethought that from the start.)
Historical Slumming: The act of visiting locations such as diners, smokestack industrial sites, rural villages -- locations where time appears to have been frozen many years back -- so as to experience relief when one returns back to "the present." Culture"
Historic Overdosing: To live in a period of time when too much seems to happen. Major symptoms include addiction to newspapers, magazines, and TV news broadcasts. Culture"
Historic Underdosing: To live in a period of time when nothing seems to happen. Major symptoms include addiction to newspapers, magazines, and TV news broadcasts. Culture"
History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.
History, contrary to popular theories, *is* kings and dates and battles.
History has much to say on following the proper procedures. From a history of the Mexican revolution: "Hidalgo was later defeated at Guadalajara. The rebel army was captured on its way through the mountains. All were courtmartialed and shot, except Hidalgo, because he was a priest. He was handed over to the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the army where he was then executed."
"History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions."
History is curious stuff You'd think by now we had enough Yet the fact remains I fear They make more of it every year.
History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles, cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
History is on our side (as long as we can control the historians).
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree on.
History, n.: Papa Hegel he say that all we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history. I know people who can't even learn from what happened this morning. Hegel must have been taking the long view.
History repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time.
History repeats itself. That's one thing wrong with history.
History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second time as bedroom farce.
History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge, periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another... Truly the imago state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
History tends to exaggerate.
Hitchcock's Staple Principle: The stapler runs out of staples only while you are trying to staple something.
Hi there! This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes, nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
"Hi. This is Dan Cassidy's answering machine. Please leave your name and number... and after I've doctored the tape, your message will implicate you in a federal crime and be brought to the attention of the F.B.I... BEEEP"
Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy, Burn that sausage just a match or two more done. Pour my black old coffee longer, While that smell is gettin' stronger A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want. Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me, With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun, If that coat'll fit you're wearin', The Lord'll bless your sharin' A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want. And let me halfway fall in love, For part of a lonely night, With a semi-pretty woman in my arms. Yes, I could halfway fall in deep-- Into a snugglin', lovin' heap, With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Hi! You have reached 555-0129. None of us are here to answer the phone and the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible. Please leave your name and message after the beep...
Hlade's Law: If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person -- they will find an easier way to do it.
H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L. Mencken -- there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
Hmmm ... a CRIPPLED ACCOUNTANT with a FALAFEL sandwich is HIT by a TROLLEY-CAR ...
Hmmm ... A hash-singer and a cross-eyed guy were SLEEPING on a deserted island, when ...
Hmmm ... an arrogant bouquet with a subtle suggestion of POLYVINYL CHLORIDE ...
Hmmm ... a PINHEAD, during an EARTHQUAKE, encounters an ALL-MIDGET FIDDLE ORCHESTRA ... ha ... ha ...
Hmm... Which would do a better job at driving physicists crazy? Travel faster than light, or a floating-point boolean value?
Hoaars-Faisse Gallery presents: An exhibit of works by the artist known only as Pretzel. The exhibit includes several large conceptual works using non-traditional media and found objects including old sofa-beds, used mace canisters, discarded sanitary napkins and parts of freeways. The artist explores our dehumanization due to high technology and unresponsive governmental structures in a post-industrial world. She/he (the artist prefers to remain without gender) strives to create dialogue between viewer and creator, to aid us in our quest to experience contemporary life with its inner-city tensions, homelessness, global warming and gender and class-based stress. The works are arranged to lead us to the essence of the argument: that the alienation of the person/machine boundary has sapped the strength of our voices and must be destroyed for society to exist in a more fundamental sense.
Hoare's Law of Large Problems: Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
Hodgesaargh was an original storyteller and quite good in a very specific way. If he'd had to recount the saga of the Tsortean War, for example, it would have been in terms of the birds observed, every cormorant noted, every pelican listed, every battlefield raven taxonomically placed, no tern unturned. Some men in armour would have been involved at some stage, but only because the ravens were perching on them.
Hodie natus est radici frater. [ Unto the root is born a brother ]
Hoffer's Discovery: The grand act of a dying institution is to issue a newly revised, enlarged edition of the policies and procedures manual.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take Hofstadter's Law into account.
HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME -- Take a shot every time: if it's one of our heroes on the other end). tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink). impossible.
Ho! Ho! Ho! to the bottle I go To heal my heart and drown my woe. Rain may fall and wind may blow, And many miles be still to go, But under a tall tree I will lie, And let the clouds go sailing by.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side.
Hold the MAYO & pass the COSMIC AWARENESS ...
Holiday and other blackout periods apply.
Hollerith, v.: What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.
Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
Holy Dilemma! Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder? Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh? Tune in again tomorrow: same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!
HOLY MACRO!
Home Accept and you become whole, Bend and you straighten, Empty and you fill, Decay and you renew, Want and you acquire, Fulfill and you become confused. The sage accepts the world As the world accepts the Way; He does not display himself, so is clearly seen, Does not justify himself, so is recognized, Does not boast, so is credited, Does not pride himself, so endures, Does not contend, so none contend against him. The ancients said, "Accept and you become whole", Once whole, the world is as your home.
Home centers are designed for the do-it-yourselfer who's willing to pay higher prices for the convenience of being able to shop for lumber, hardware, and toasters all in one location. Notice I say "shop for," as opposed to "obtain." This is the major drawback of home centers: they are always out of everything except artificial Christmas trees. The home center employees have no time to reorder merchandise because they are too busy applying little price stickers to every object -- every board, washer, nail and screw -- in the entire store ... Let's say a piece in your toilet tank breaks, so you remove the broken part, take it to the home center, and ask an employee if he has a replacement. The employee, who has never is his life even seen the inside of a toilet tank, will peer at the broken part in very much the same way that a member of a primitive Amazon jungle tribe would look at an electronic calculator, and then say, "We're expecting a shipment of these sometime around the middle of next week."
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
"Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a cockatoo."
Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a cockatoo.
Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.
* HomeySan waits for the papa john's pizza to show up <ravenos> mm. papa john's. <HomeySan> hopefully they send the cute delivery driver <ravenos> they don't have that here. <Dr_Stein> why? you gonna eat the driver instead?
Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
Honesty's the best policy.
honeymoon, n.: A short period of doting between dating and debting.
Honi soit la vache qui rit.
Honi soit qui mal y pense. [Evil to him who evil thinks.]
Honk if you are against noise pollution!
Honk if you hate bumper stickers that say "Honk if ..."
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Honorable, adj.: Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach. In legislative bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as, "the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
HOORAY, Ronald!! Now YOU can marry LINDA RONSTADT too!!
Hop along my little friends, up the Withywindle! Tom's going on ahead candles for to kindle. Down west sinks the Sun; soon you will be groping. When the night-shadows fall, then the door will open, Out of the winfow-panes light will twinkle yellow. Fear no alder black! Heed no hoary willow! Fear neither root nor bough! Tom goes on before you. Hey now! merry dol! We'll be waiting for you!
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Hope is a waking dream.
Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
<hop_> i had something that i think was chicken that was coated with a red paste that seemed to be composed of lye based on how much of my tongue it burned away. <hop_> our friend who is Indian said this is why most Indians are thin and i quote "It doesn't take very much of this food to get you satisfied enoguh to stop eating."
Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound. - Peanuts
<hop> kb: I demand integrity and honesty in those who i do business with <hop> i know my demands are unreasonable, but a guy can dream, can't he?
<hoponpop> my program works if i take out the bugs.
<hoponpop> the difference between netbsd, freebsd, and openbsd, as an insider is freebsd is interested in getting things done, and doesn't mind hurting people who get in their way. <hoponpop> netbsd is interested in making sure nothing gets done, and doesn't mind hurting people who try to accomplish things. <hoponpop> openbsd is interested in looking good, and doesn't hurt anyone in their own little community, but look out everybody else!
<hop> when you start making only stupid mistakes that are obvious, thats when you start getting competent <hop> because you don't make fundamental misunderstanding mistakes <hop> and thats a *good* sign.
Horner's Five Thumb Postulate: Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Horngren's Observation: Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
Horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in Marshalltown, Iowa.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
Horses When a nation follows the Way, Horses bear manure through its fields; When a nation ignores the Way, Horses bear soldiers through its streets. There is no greater mistake than following desire; There is no greater disaster than forgetting contentment; There is no greater sickness than seeking attainment; But one who is content to satisfy his needs Finds that contentment endures.
HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)
HOST SYSTEM RESPONDING, PROBABLY UP...
HOTELS: A place where TRAVELLING HUMANS are parked at night. Other humans bring them food, including the famous BACON, LETTUCE AND TOMATO SANDWICH. There are beds and towels and special things that rain on people to get them clean. by Angalo de Haberdasheri (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
Hotels are tired of getting ripped off. I checked into a hotel and they had towels from my house.
Ho! Tom Bombadil, Tom Bombadillo! By water, wood and hill, by reed and willow, By fire, sun and moon, harken now and hear us! Come, Tom Bombadil, for our need is near us!
Houdini escaping from New Jersey! Film at eleven.
Household hint: If you are out of cream for your coffee, mayonnaise makes a dandy substitute.
Housework can kill you if done right.
Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed.
How apt the poor are to be proud.
How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter! the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman. Thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lilies. Thy two breasts are like two young roses that are twins. [Song of Solomon 7:1-3 (KJV)]
How beautiful, how entrancing you are, my loved one, daughter of delights! You are stately as a palm-tree, and your breasts are the clusters of dates. I said, "I will climb up into the palm to grasp its fronds." May I find your breast like clusters of grapes on the vine, the scent of your breath like apricots, and your whispers like spiced wine flowing smoothly to welcome my caresses, gliding down through lips and teeth. [Song of Solomon 7:6-9 (NEB)]
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
How can you do 'New Math' problems with an 'Old Math' mind?
How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another in the waking state?
How can you think and hit at the same time?
"How can you trust an encyclopedia that everyone can edit?" How can you trust an encyclopedia that no one can edit!!
How can you work when the system's so crowded?
How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?
How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they claim they'll make you?
How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
How come we never talk anymore?
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How do Crays and Alphas handle the POSIX problem?
How do I get HOME?
"How do I love thee? My accumulator overflows."
How do I type "for i in *.dvi do xdvi $i done" in a GUI?
How doth the little crocodile Improve his shining tail, And pour the waters of the Nile On every golden scale! How cheerfully he seems to grin, How neatly spreads his claws, And welcomes little fishes in, With gently smiling jaws!
How doth the VAX's C-compiler Improve its object code. And even as we speak does it Increase the system load. How patiently it seems to run And spit out error flags, While users, with frustration, all Tear their clothes to rags.
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
How do you explain Wayne Newton's POWER over millions? It's th' MOUSTACHE ... Have you ever noticed th' way it radiates SINCERITY, HONESTY & WARMTH? It's a MOUSTACHE you want to take HOME and introduce to NANCY SINATRA!
How do you insult a lawyer? You might as well not even try. Consider: of all the highly trained and educated professions, law is the only one in which the prime lesson is that *winning* is more important than *truth*. Once someone has sunk to that level, what worse can you say about them?
"How do you know she is a unicorn?" Molly demanded. "And why were you afraid to let her touch you? I saw you. You were afraid of her." "I doubt that I will feel like talking for very long," the cat replied without rancor. "I would not waste time in foolishness if I were you. As to your first question, no cat out of its first fur can ever be deceived by appearances. Unlike human beings, who enjoy them. As for your second question --" Here he faltered, and suddenly became very interested in washing; nor would he speak until he had licked himself fluffy and then licked himself smooth again. Even then he would not look at Molly, but examined his claws. "If she had touched me," he said very softly, "I would have been hers and not my own, not ever again."
How do you power off this machine? for several months
"How do you pronounce SunOS?" "Just like you hear it, with a big SOS"
Howe's Law: Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
However, my enthusiasm for the modular tree is tempered by some parts of it not existing. future of X
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner ... sulking and nausea.
However, on religious issues there can be little or no compromise. There is no position on which people are so immovable as their religious beliefs. There is no more powerful ally one can claim in a debate than Jesus Christ, or God, or Allah, or whatever one calls this supreme being. But like any powerful weapon, the use of God's name on one's behalf should be used sparingly. The religious factions that are growing throughout our land are not using their religious clout with wisdom. They are trying to force government leaders into following their position 100 percent. If you disagree with these religious groups on a particular moral issue, they complain, they threaten you with a loss of money or votes or both. I'm frankly sick and tired of the political preachers across this country telling me as a citizen that if I want to be a moral person, I must believe in "A," "B," "C," and "D." Just who do they think they are? And from where do they presume to claim the right to dictate their moral beliefs to me? And I am even more angry as a legislator who must endure the threats of every religious group who thinks it has some God-granted right to control my vote on every roll call in the Senate. I am warning them today: I will fight them every step of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all Americans in the name of "conservatism." September 16, 1981
However, you do *need* rules. Driving on the left (or the right or, in parts of Europe, on the left and the right as the mood takes you) is a rule which works, since following it means you're more likely to reach your intended rather than your final destination.
How is the world ruled, and how do wars start? Diplomats tell lies to journalists, and they believe what they read.
How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
How long does it take a DEC field service engineer to change a light bulb? It depends on how many bad ones he brought with him.
How many Bavarian Illuminati does it take to screw in a light bulb? Three: one to screw it in, and one to confuse the issue.
How many chunks could checkchunk check if checkchunk could check chunks?
How many "coming men" has one known! Where on earth do they all go to?
How many hardware guys does it take to change a light bulb? "Well the diagnostics say it's fine buddy, so it's a software problem."
How many hors d'oeuvres you are allowed to take off a tray being carried by a waiter at a nice party? Two, but there are ways around it, depending on the style of the hors d'oeuvre. If they're those little pastry things where you can't tell what's inside, you take one, bite off about two-thirds of it, then say: "This is cheese! I hate cheese!" Then you put the rest of it back on the tray and bite another one and go, "Darn it! Another cheese!" and so on.
How many months are we going to be behind them [Redhat] with a glibc release?"
How many NASA managers does it take to screw in a light bulb? "That's a known problem... don't worry about it."
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb ? Seven: One to install the new bulb, and six to determine what to do with the old one for the next 10,000 years.
"How many people work here?" "Oh, about half."
How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?
How many QA engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb? 3: 1 to screw it in and 2 to say "I told you so" when it doesn't work.
How many retured bricklayers from FLORIDA are out purchasing PENCIL SHARPENERS right NOW??
How many seconds are there in a year? If I tell you there are 3.155 x 10^7, you won't even try to remember it. On the other hand, who could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One to hold the giraffe and one to fill the bathtub with brightly colored power tools.
"How many teamsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?" "FIFTEEN!! YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT?"
How many Unix hacks does it take to change a light bulb? Let's see, can you use a shell script for that or does it need a C program?
How many weeks are there in a light year?
How many Zen Buddhist does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to change it and one not to change it.
How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to Dayton?
How much does she love you? Less than you'll ever know.
How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?
How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere else.
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's "See?"
"How's he in the mysterious senses department?" (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
How should I know if it works? That's what beta testers are for. I only coded it.
How's it going in those MODULAR LOVE UNITS??
How's the wife? Is she at home enjoying capitalism?
"How to make a million dollars: First, get a million dollars."
HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 1 proof by example: The author gives only the case n = 2 and suggests that it contains most of the ideas of the general proof. proof by intimidation: 'Trivial'. proof by vigorous handwaving: Works well in a classroom or seminar setting.
HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 2 proof by cumbersome notation: Best done with access to at least four alphabets and special symbols. proof by exhaustion: An issue or two of a journal devoted to your proof is useful. proof by omission: 'The reader may easily supply the details' 'The other 253 cases are analogous' '...'
HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 3 proof by obfuscation: A long plotless sequence of true and/or meaningless syntactically related statements. proof by wishful citation: The author cites the negation, converse, or generalization of a theorem from the literature to support his claims. proof by funding: How could three different government agencies be wrong? proof by eminent authority: 'I saw Karp in the elevator and he said it was probably NP- complete.'
HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 4 proof by personal communication: 'Eight-dimensional colored cycle stripping is NP-complete [Karp, personal communication].' proof by reduction to the wrong problem: 'To see that infinite-dimensional colored cycle stripping is decidable, we reduce it to the halting problem.' proof by reference to inaccessible literature: The author cites a simple corollary of a theorem to be found in a privately circulated memoir of the Slovenian Philological Society, 1883. proof by importance: A large body of useful consequences all follow from the proposition in question.
HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 5 proof by accumulated evidence: Long and diligent search has not revealed a counterexample. proof by cosmology: The negation of the proposition is unimaginable or meaningless. Popular for proofs of the existence of God. proof by mutual reference: In reference A, Theorem 5 is said to follow from Theorem 3 in reference B, which is shown to follow from Corollary 6.2 in reference C, which is an easy consequence of Theorem 5 in reference A. proof by metaproof: A method is given to construct the desired proof. The correctness of the method is proved by any of these techniques.
HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 6 proof by picture: A more convincing form of proof by example. Combines well with proof by omission. proof by vehement assertion: It is useful to have some kind of authority relation to the audience. proof by ghost reference: Nothing even remotely resembling the cited theorem appears in the reference given.
HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 7 proof by forward reference: Reference is usually to a forthcoming paper of the author, which is often not as forthcoming as at first. proof by semantic shift: Some of the standard but inconvenient definitions are changed for the statement of the result. proof by appeal to intuition: Cloud-shaped drawings frequently help here.
How untasteful can you get?
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
: How would you disambiguate these situations? By shooting the person who did the latter.
HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY: #1040 Your income tax refund cheque bounces.
HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY: #15 Your pet rock snaps at you.
HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY: #32: You call your answering service and they've never heard of you.
How you look depends on where you go.
HP had a unique policy of allowing its engineers to take parts from stock as long as they built something. "They figured that with every design, they were getting a better engineer. It's a policy I urge all companies to adopt." to teacher?" EE Times, June 6, 1988, pg 45
HR 3128. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation, Fiscal 1986. Martin, R-Ill., motion that the House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits. The Senate amendment was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill. The original Senate amendment was the conference agreement on the bill. Agreed to.
Hubbard's Law: Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive.
hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub.
HUGH BEAUMONT died in 1982!!
Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!! Oh wait... I'm a computer, and you're a person. It would never work out. Never mind.
Huh?
Human beings make life so interesting. Do you know, that in a universe so full of wonders, they have managed to invent boredom.
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929. Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating table to prevent her interference, he placed a ureteral catheter into a vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and walked upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory x-ray film. In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.
Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
HUMAN REPLICAS are inserted into VATS of NUTRITIONAL YEAST ...
Human resources are human first, and resources second.
Humans are communications junkies. We just can't get enough.
Humans do claim a great deal for that particular emotion (love).
Humans, eh? Think they're lords of creation. Not like us cats. We *know* we are. Ever see a cat feed a human? Case proven.
Human society - man in a group - rises out of its lethargy to new levels of productivity only under the stimulus of deeply inspiring and commonly appreciated goals. A lethargic world serves no cause well; a spirited world working diligently toward earnestly desired goals provides the means and the strength toward which many ends can be satisfied...to unparalleled social accomplishment.
Humans suffering from a conflict of signals aren't the best people to be holding guns, especially when they've just witnessed a natural childbirth, which definitely looked an un-American way of bringing new citizens into the world.
Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Humor in th Court: Q: Do you drink when you're on duty? A: I don't drink when I'm on duty, unless I come on duty drunk.
Humor in the Court: Q. And lastly, Gary, all your responses must be oral. O.K.? What school do you go to? A. Oral. Q. How old are you? A. Oral.
Humor in the Court: Q: ...and what did he do then? A: He came home, and next morning he was dead. Q: So when he woke up the next morning he was dead?
Humor in the Court: Q. And who is this person you are speaking of? A. My ex-widow said it.
Humor in the Court: Q: ...any suggestions as to what prevented this from being a murder trial instead of an attempted murder trial? A: The victim lived.
Humor in the Court: Q: Are you qualified to give a urine sample? A: Yes, I have been since early childhood.
Humor in the Court: Q: Are you sexually active? A: No, I just lie there.
Humor in the Court: Q: Could you see him from where you were standing? A: I could see his head. Q: And where was his head? A: Just above his shoulders.
Humor in the Court: Q. Did you ever stay all night with this man in New York? A. I refuse to answer that question. Q. Did you ever stay all night with this man in Chicago? A. I refuse to answer that question. Q. Did you ever stay all night with this man in Miami? A. No.
Humor in the Court: Q: Did you tell your lawyer that your husband had offered you indignities? A: He didn't offer me nothing; he just said I could have the furniture.
Humor in the Court: Q. Doctor, did you say he was shot in the woods? A. No, I said he was shot in the lumbar region.
Humor in the Court: Q. Mrs. Jones, is your appearance this morning pursuant to a deposition notice which I sent to your attorney? A. No. This is how I dress when I go to work.
Humor in the Court: Q. Mrs. Smith, do you believe that you are emotionally unstable? A. I should be. Q. How many times have you committed suicide? A. Four times.
Humor in the Court: Q: Now, you have investigated other murders, have you not, where there was a victim?
Humor in the Court: Q. Officer, what led you to believe the defendant was under the influence? A. Because he was argumentary and he couldn't pronunciate his words.
Humor in the Court: Q: (Showing man picture.) That's you? A: Yes, sir. Q: And you were present when the picture was taken, right?
Humor in the Court: Q: So, after the anesthesia, when you came out of it, what did you observe with respect to your scalp? A: I didn't see my scalp the whole time I was in the hospital. Q: It was covered? A: Yes, bandaged. Q: Then, later on.. what did you see? A: I had a skin graft. My whole buttocks and leg were removed and put on top of my head.
Humor in the Court: Q: The truth of the matter is that you were not an unbiased, objective witness, isn't it. You too were shot in the fracas? A: No, sir. I was shot midway between the fracas and the naval.
Humor in the Court: Q. Were you acquainted with the deceased? A. Yes, sir. Q. Before or after he died?
Humor in the Court: Q: What can you tell us about the truthfulness and veracity of this defendant? A: Oh, she will tell the truth. She said she'd kill that sonofabitch--and she did!
Humor in the Court: Q: What is the meaning of sperm being present? A: It indicates intercourse. Q: Male sperm? A. That is the only kind I know.
Humor in the Court: Q. What is your brother-in-law's name? A. Borofkin. Q. What's his first name? A. I can't remember. Q. He's been your brother-in-law for years, and you can't remember his first name? A. No. I tell you I'm too excited. (Rising from the witness chair and pointing to Mr. Borofkin.) Nathan, for God's sake, tell them your first name!
Humor in the Court: Q: What is your relationship with the plaintiff? A: She is my daughter. Q: Was she your daughter on February 13, 1979?
"Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse."
Humorists always sit at the children's table.
"Humpf!" Humpfed a voice! "For almost two days you've run wild and insisted on chatting with persons who've never existed. Such carryings-on in our peaceable jungle! We've had quite enough of you bellowing bungle! And I'm here to state," snapped the big kangaroo, "That your silly nonsensical game is all through!" And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "Me, too!" "With the help of the Wickersham Brothers and dozens of Wickersham Uncles and Wickersham Cousins and Wickersham In-Laws, whose help I've engaged, You're going to be roped! And you're going to be caged! And, as for your dust speck... Hah! That we shall boil in a hot steaming kettle of Beezle-Nut oil!"
Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall! All the king's horses, And all the king's men, Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
Hurewitz's Memory Principle: The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to... to... uh.....
<Hydroxide> knightbrd: from knightbrd.brain import * :) <knghtbrd> Oh gods if it were that easy .. <knghtbrd> from carmack.brain import OpenGL
Hypocrisy When the Way is forgotten Duty and justice appear; Then knowledge and wisdom are born Along with hypocrisy. When harmonious relationships dissolve Then respect and devotion arise; When a nation falls to chaos Then loyalty and patriotism are born.
I accept chaos. I am not sure whether it accepts me. I know some people are terrified of the bomb. But then some people are terrified to be seen carrying a modern screen magazine. Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most.
I achieved my fast times by multitudes of 1% reductions.
I allow the world to live as it chooses, and I allow myself to live as I choose.
I already have too much problem with people thinking the efficiency of a perl construct is related to its length. On the other hand, I'm perfectly capable of changing my mind next week... :-) --lwall
"I always avoid prophesying beforehand because it is much better to prophesy after the event has already taken place. " - Winston Churchill
I always call it 'Tour Flu', because two or three weeks in hot bookshops with hundreds of people usually produces an ailment of some kind. Going on tour is like a box of rare diseases -- you never know what you're going to get.
I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their good intellects. Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
I always have fun because I'm out of my mind!!!
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never any good to oneself.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's accomplishments. The front page has nothing but man's failures.
I always wake up at the crack of ice.
I always will remember -- I was in no mood to trifle; 'Twas a year ago November -- I got down my trusty rifle I went out to shoot some deer And went out to stalk my prey -- On a morning bright and clear. What a haul I made that day! I went and shot the maximum I tied them to my bumper and The game laws would allow: I drove them home somehow, Two game wardens, seven hunters, Two game wardens, seven hunters, And a cow. And a cow. The Law was very firm, it People ask me how I do it Took away my permit-- And I say, "There's nothin' to it! The worst punishment I ever endured. You just stand there lookin' cute, It turns out there was a reason: And when something moves, you shoot." Cows were out of season, and And there's ten stuffed heads One of the hunters wasn't insured. In my trophy room right now: Two game wardens, seven hunters, And a pure-bred guernsey cow.
I am a bookaholic. If you are a decent person, you will not sell me another book.
I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.
I am a conscientious man, when I throw rocks at seabirds I leave no tern unstoned.
I am a deeply superficial person.
I am a deeply superficial person. -Andy Warhol
I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend than be one.
I am a jelly donut. I am a jelly donut.
I am a man: nothing human is alien to me.
I am amazed that no-one's based a commercial distribution on Debian yet - it is by far the most solid UNIX-like OS I've ever installed, and I've played with HP/UX, Solaris, FreeBSD, BSDi, and SCO (not to mention OS/2, Novell, Win95/NT)
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.
I am approached with the most opposite opinions and advice, and by men who are equally certain that they represent the divine will. I am sure that either the one or the other is mistaken in the belief, and perhaps in some respects, both. I hope it will not be irreverent of me to say that if it is probable that God would reveal his will to others on a point so connected with my duty, it might be supposed he would reveal it directly to me.
I am a traffic light, and Alan Ginzberg kidnapped my laundry in 1927!
"I am ... a woman ... and ... technically a parasitic uterine growth"
<Iambe> conning the most intellegent people on the planet is not easy
<Iambe> you are not a nutcase <Knghtbrd> You obviously don't know me well enough yet. =>
I am changing my name to Chrysler I am going down to Washington, D.C. I will tell some power broker What they did for Iacocca Will be perfectly acceptable to me! I am changing my name to Chrysler, I am heading for that great receiving line. When they hand a million grand out, I'll be standing with my hand out, Yessir, I'll get mine!
"I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products. This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's reign. My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat. Better go buy some more."
"I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products. This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's reign. My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat. Better go by some more."
I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice. To be a man is to suffer for others.
I am covered with pure vegetable oil and I am writing a best seller!
I AM DEATH, NOT TAXES. *I* TURN UP ONLY ONCE.
I am deeply CONCERNED and I want something GOOD for BREAKFAST!
I am dyslexic of Borg. Prepare to have your ass laminated.
I am examining you on your fool ideas that no intelligent Christian on earth believes.
I am firm. You are obstinate. He is a pig-headed fool.
I am getting into abstract painting. Real abstract -- no brush, no canvas, I just think about it. I just went to an art museum where all of the art was done by children. All the paintings were hung on refrigerators.
I am having FUN... I wonder if it's NET FUN or GROSS FUN?
I am here by the will of the people and I won't leave until I get my raincoat back.
I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person, of pre-Adamite ancestral descent. You will understand this when I tell you that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial atomic globule. Consequently, my family pride is something inconceivable. I can't help it. I was born sneering.
I am just a nice, clean-cut Mongolian boy.
I am looking for a honest man.
I am more bored than you could ever possibly be. Go back to work.
I am myself plus my circumstance, and if I do not save it, I cannot save myself.
I am NOMAD!
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
I am NOT a kludge! I am a computer!
I am not an Economist. I am an honest man!
I am NOT a nut....
I am not a politician and my other habits are also good.
I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
"I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it."
I am not very happy acting pleased whenever prominent scientists overmagnify intellectual enlightenment
I am pleased to see that we have differences. May we together become greater than the sum of both of us.
I am practicing a fine point of ethics. It is acceptable to shoot back. It is not acceptable to shoot first.
I am professionally trained in computer science, which is to say (in all seriousness) that I am extremely poorly educated.
"I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter."
I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast with an option to buy.
I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.
"I am, therefore I am."
I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.
I am tired of fighting...The old men are all dead...The little children are freezing to death. My people, some of them, have run away to the hills and have no blankets, no food. No one knows where they are...Hear me, my Chiefs!! I am tired: my heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands, I will fight no more. Chief Joseph, (Nez Perce)
I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
I am two with nature.
I am what you will be; I was what you are.
"I am your density."
I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of its situation. Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland. He loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to look down. At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per second per second takes over. II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter intervenes suddenly. Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely. Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the stooge's surcease. III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation conforming to its perimeter. Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole. The threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.
I appoint you ambassador to Fantasy Island!!!
I appreciate the fact that this draft was done in haste, but some of the sentences that you are sending out in the world to do your work for you are loitering in taverns or asleep beside the highway. University of Tennessee at Knoxville
I argue very well. Ask any of my remaining friends. I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties. Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.
I asked the engineer who designed the communication terminal's keyboards why these were not manufactured in a central facility, in view of the small number needed [1 per month] in his factory. He explained that this would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency. Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures them completely, even molding the keypads.
I ask only one thing. I'm understanding. I'm mature. And it isn't much to ask. I want to get back to London, and track her down, and be alone with my Selina -- or not even alone, damn it, merely close to her, close enough to smell her skin, to see the flecked webbing of her lemony eyes, the moulding of her artful lips. Just for a few precious seconds. Just long enough to put in one good, clean punch. That's all I ask.
"I assure you the thought never even crossed my mind, lord." "Indeed? Then if I were you I'd sue my face for slander."
I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty, ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.
I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute -- where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic) how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom to vote--where no church or church school is granted any public funds or political preference--and where no man is denied public office merely because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or the people who might elect him. Association September 12, 1960.
I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
"I believe it's very hard to have fun in Iceland without fish being involved in some way." (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
I believe that if people would learn to use LSD's vision-inducing capability more wisely, under suitable conditions, in medical practice and in conjuction with meditation, then in the future this problem child could become a wonder child.
I believe that part of what propels science is the thirst for wonder. It's a very powerful emotion. All children feel it. In a first grade classroom everybody feels it; in a twelfth grade classroom almost nobody feels it, or at least acknowledges it. Something happens between first and twelfth grade, and it's not just puberty. Not only do the schools and the media not teach much skepticism, there is also little encouragement of this stirring sense of wonder. Science and pseudoscience both arouse that feeling. Poor popularizations of science establish an ecological niche for pseudoscience. Vol. 12, Fall 87
I believe that professional wrestling is clean and everything else in the world is fixed.
"I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it once was... an arctic wilderness."
I believe that the moment is near when by a procedure of active paranoiac thought, it will be possible to systematize confusion and contribute to the total discrediting of the world of reality.
"I believe the use of noise to make music will increase until we reach a music produced through the aid of electrical instruments which will make available for musical purposes any and all sounds that can be heard."
I bet the human brain is a kludge.
I BET WHAT HAPPENED was they discovered fire and invented the wheel on the same day. Then that night, they burned the wheel.
I BET WHEN NEANDERTHAL KIDS would make a snowman, someone would always end up saying, "Don't forget the thick heavy brows." Then they would get embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
"Ibid you already know." (Terry Pratchett, Pyramids)
IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks, who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes...
IBM had a PL/I, Its syntax worse than JOSS; And everywhere this language went, It was a total loss.
IBM: [International Business Machines Corp.] Also known as Itty Bitty Machines or The Lawyer's Friend. The dominant force in computer marketing, having supplied worldwide some 75% of all known hardware and 10% of all software. To protect itself from the litigious envy of less successful organizations, such as the US government, IBM employs 68% of all known ex-Attorneys' General.
IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.
IBM: I've Been Moved Idiots Become Managers Idiots Buy More Impossible to Buy Machine Incredibly Big Machine Industry's Biggest Mistake International Brotherhood of Mercenaries It Boggles the Mind It's Better Manually Itty-Bitty Machines
IBM Pollyanna Principle: Machines should work. People should think.
IBM's original motto: Cogito ergo vendo; vendo ergo sum.
I B M U B M We all B M For I B M!!!!
"IBM uses what I like to call the 'hole-in-the-ground technique' to destroy the competition..... IBM digs a big HOLE in the ground and covers it with leaves. It then puts a big POT OF GOLD nearby. Then it gives the call, 'Hey, look at all this gold, get over here fast.' As soon as the competitor approaches the pot, he falls into the pit"
I bought some used paint. It was in the shape of a house.
I bought the latest computer; it came fully loaded. It was guaranteed for 90 days, but in 30 was outmoded! - The Wall Street Journal passed along by Big Red Computer's SCARLETT
I bow down before you. I thought I had done some rather horrible things with gcc built-ins and macros, but I hereby hand over my crown to you. As my daughter would say: that patch fell out of the ugly tree, and hit every branch on the way down. Very impressive.
I brake for chezlogs!
I brought my BOWLING BALL -- and some DRUGS!!
"I call Christianity the *one* great curse, the *one* great intrinsic depravity, the *one* great instinct for revenge for which no expedient is sufficiently poisonous, secret, subterranean, *petty* -- I call it the *one* mortal blemish of mankind."
I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference. They're still living in the fifties.
I call them as I see them. If I can't see them, I make them up.
I came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys...and the building started up. So I took it out for a drive. A cop pulled me over for speeding. He asked me where I live... "Right here".
I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.
I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew. All I could do was account -- I couldn't even account for myself.
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
"I can bite your leg if you like." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
"I can explain it in Dog, but you only listen in Human." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
I can just see it now: nomination-terrorism ;-) haha! i nominate manoj.
I can live without Someone I love But not without Someone I need.
I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart, and provide temporary relief to nymphomaniacs.
I cannot affirm God if I fail to affirm man. Therefore, I affirm both. Without a belief in human unity I am hungry and incomplete. Human unity is the fulfillment of diversity. It is the harmony of opposites. It is a many-stranded texture, with color and depth.
I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour ...
I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats; If it be man's work I will do it.
I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar. What a crock. I could easily overemphasize the importance of good grammar. For example, I could say: "Bad grammar is the leading cause of slow, painful death in North America," or "Without good grammar, the United States would have lost World War II."
I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.
I can relate to that.
I can resist anything but temptation.
I can resist everything except temptation. -Oscar Wilde
I can see him a'comin' With his big boots on, With his big thumb out, He wants to get me. He wants to hurt me. He wants to bring me down. But some time later, When I feel a little straighter, I'll come across a stranger Who'll remind me of the danger, And then.... I'll run him over. Pretty smart on my part! To find my way... In the dark!
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
I can't decide whether to commit suicide or go bowling.
I can't decide which WRONG TURN to make first!! I wonder if BOB GUCCIONE has these problems!
I can't die until the government finds a safe place to bury my liver.
I can't drive 55.
I can't drive 55. I'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either.
I can't recall any difficulty in making the C language definition completely open -- any discussion on the matter tended to mention languages whose inventors tried to keep tight control, and consequent ill fate. UNIX
I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along." It isn't that I can't toddle. It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
I can't think about that. It doesn't go with HEDGES in the shape of LITTLE LULU -- or ROBOTS making BRICKS ...
I can't understand it. I can't even understand the people who can understand it.
I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
"I changed my headlights the other day. I put in strobe lights instead! Now when I drive at night, it looks like everyone else is standing still ..."
... ich bin in einem dusenjet ins jahr 53 vor chr ... ich lande im antiken Rom ... einige gladiatoren spielen scrabble ... ich rieche PIZZA ...
I commend my soul to any God that can find it.
I consider a new device or technology to have been culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
I consider the day misspent that I am not either charged with a crime, or arrested for one.
"...I could accept this openness, glasnost, perestroika, or whatever you want to call it if they did these things: abolish the one party system; open the Soviet frontier and allow Soviet people to travel freely; allow the Soviet people to have real free enterprise; allow Western businessmen to do business there, and permit freedom of speech and of the press. But so far, the whole country is like a concentration camp. The barbed wire on the fence around the Soviet Union is to keep people inside, in the dark. This openness that you are seeing, all these changes, are cosmetic and they have been designed to impress shortsighted, naive, sometimes stupid Western leaders. These leaders gush over Gorbachev, hoping to do business with the Soviet Union or appease it. He will say: "Yes, we can do business!" This while his military machine in Afghanistan has killed over a million people out of a population of 17 million. Can you imagine that? "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 110
I could dance with you till the cows come home. On second thought, I'd rather dance with the cows till you come home.
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
"I couldn't remember things until I took that Sam Carnegie course."
I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed. Except perhaps the time I found out that M&Ms really DO melt in your hand.
"I could send you a bone with a file in it, only you'd eat it."
Idaho state law makes it illegal for a man to give his sweetheart a box of candy weighing less than fifty pounds.
"I daresay," said Granny, pushing the Fool aside and stepping over a writhing taproot. "If anyone locked *me* in a dungeon, there'd be screams."
I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly. [I saw an eagle fly once. Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy. Ed.]
I'd been hearing all sorts of gloom and doom predictions for Y2K, so I thought I'd heed some of the advice that the experts have been giving: Fill up the car's gas tank, stock up on canned goods, fill up the bathtub with water, and so on. I guess I wasn't fully awake when I completed my preparations late last night. This morning I found the kitchen shelves soaked in gasoline, water in the car's gas tank, and my bathtub filled with baked beans.
I'd crawl over an acre of 'Visual This++' and 'Integrated Development That' to get to gcc, Emacs, and gdb. Thank you.
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement.
I demand IMPUNITY!
Identify your visitor.
I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.
I develop for Linux for a living, I used to develop for DOS. Going from DOS to Linux is like trading a glider for an F117.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
I did all I could to stop it, but it just wasn't possible. pgTAP 0.20 has somehow made its way from my Subversion server and infiltrated the PostgreSQL community. Can nothing be done to stop this menace? Its use leads to cleaner, more stable, and more-safely refactored code. This insanity must be stopped! Please review the following list of its added vileness since 0.19 to determine how you can stop the terrible, terrible influence on your PostgreSQL unit-testing practices that is pgTAP: … Don't make the same mistake I did, where I wrote a lot of pgTAP tests for a client, and now testing database upgrades from 8.2 to 8.3 is just too reliable! And by all means, DO NOT read the documentation or download and install this monstrosity, since it could easily lead to cleaner, more stable code, and therefore losing your job! http://pgtap.projects.postgresql.org/ http://pgfoundry.org/frs/?group_id=1000389 YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. Good luck with your mission.
I did cancel one performance in Holland where they thought my music was so easy that they didn't rehearse at all. And so the first time when I found that out, I rehearsed the orchestra myself in front of the audience of 3,000 people and the next day I rehearsed through the second movement -- this was the piece _Cheap Imitation_ -- and they then were ashamed. The Dutch people were ashamed and they invited me to come to the Holland festival and they promised to rehearse. And when I got to Amsterdam they had changed the orchestra, and again, they hadn't rehearsed. So they were no more prepared the second time than they had been the first. I gave them a lecture and told them to cancel the performance; they then said over the radio that i had insisted on their cancelling the performance because they were "insufficiently Zen." Can you believe it?
I did it just to piss you off. :-P
I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives. I don't see why I should have to believe in it in this one.
I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything!
I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired. But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did
I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did.
I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.
"I didn't know it was impossible when I did it."
I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions. The curtain was up.
I didn't order any WOO-WOO ... Maybe a YUBBA ... But no WOO-WOO!
I didn’t stop pretending when I became an adult, it’s just that when I was a kid I was pretending that I fit into the rules and structures of this world. And now that I’m an adult, I pretend that those rules and structures exist.
I did some heavy research so as to be prepared for "Mommy, why is the sky blue?" HE asked me about black holes in space. (There's a hole *where*?) I boned up to be ready for, "Why is the grass green?" HE wanted to discuss nature's food chains. (Well, let's see, there's ShopRite, Pathmark...) I talked about Choo-Choo trains. HE talked internal combustion engines. (The INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINE said, "I think I can, I think I can.") I was delighted with the video game craze, thinking we could compete as equals. HE described the complexities of the microchips required to create the graphics. Then puberty struck. Ah, adolescence. HE said, "Mom, I just don't understand women." (Gotcha!)
I did this 'cause Linux gives me a woody. It doesn't generate revenue.
idiot box, n.: The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
"Idiot I may be, but tied up I ain't." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
Idiot, n.: A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human affairs has always been dominant and controlling.
I disagree with unanimity.
I disagree with what you say, but will defend to the death your right to tell such LIES!
"I dislike companies that have a we-are-the-high-priests-of-hardware-so-you'll- like-what-we-give-you attitude. I like commodity markets in which iron-and- silicon hawkers know that they exist to provide fast toys for software types like me to play with..."
I distinctly remember forgetting that. -Clara Barton
"I distrust a close-mouthed man. He generally picks the wrong time to talk and says the wrong things. Talking's something you can't do judiciously, unless you keep in practice. Now, sir, we'll talk if you like. I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk."
I distrust a close-mouthed man. He generally picks the wrong time to talk and says the wrong things. Talking's something you can't do judiciously, unless you keep in practice. Now, sir, we'll talk if you like. I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
"I distrust a man who says 'when.' If he's got to be careful not to drink too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does."
I distrust a man who says when. If he's got to be careful not to drink too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
I'd just as soon kiss a Wookie.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
idleness, n.: Leisure gone to seed.
I'd like MY data-base JULIENNED and stir-fried!
I'd like some JUNK FOOD ... and then I want to be ALONE --
I'D LIKE TO BE BURIED INDIAN-STYLE, where they put you up on a high rack, above the ground. That way, you could get hit by meteorites and not even feel it.
"I'd like to know if I could compare you to a summer's day. Because -- well, June 12th was quite nice, and..."
I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.
I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the whole field to private industry.
I'd like to stand up for the rights of people who put everything on their burger -- chutney, mustard, pickle, mustard pickle, tomato sauce... It is common knowledge in my family that I can't tell the difference between a veggie burger and a meat one, because the ratio of burger to pickles is so high.
I'd love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code. — Unknown
"I'd love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got to undo it."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I have to floss my cat."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I snore."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm having all my plants neutered."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in `Y.'"
"I'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I've been scheduled for a karma transplant."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I want to spend more time with my blender."
"I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV."
"I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never came back."
"I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay tuned."
"I'd love to go out with you, but there are important world issues that need worrying about."
I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
I'd never cry if I did find A blue whale in my soup... Nor would I mind a porcupine Inside a chicken coop. Yes life is fine when things combine, Like ham in beef chow mein... But lord, this time I think I mind, They've put acid in my rain.
I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
I do hate sums. There is no greater mistake than to call arithmetic an exact science. There are permutations and aberrations discernible to minds entirely noble like mine; subtle variations which ordinary accountants fail to discover; hidden laws of number which it requires a mind like mine to perceive. For instance, if you add a sum from the bottom up, and then again from the top down, the result is always different.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church, nor by any Church that I know of. My own mind is my own Church.
I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon...
I do not care if half the league strikes. Those who do will encounter quick retribution. All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks the National League for five years. This is the United States of America and one citizen has as much right to play as another. threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis. The Cardinals backed down and played.
I do note with interest that old women in my books become young women on the covers... this is discrimination against the chronologically gifted.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
I do not find in orthodox Christianity one redeeming feature.
I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern, any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted. Mythology comes nearest to it of any.
I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
I do not patronize poor, ill educated, or disenfranchised people by exempting them from the same critical examination I feel free to direct toward the rest of society, however much I might champion the same minority or disadvantaged group in the forums of that society.
I do not remember ever having seen a sustained argument by an author which, starting from philosophical premises likely to meet with general acceptance, reached the conclusion that a praiseworthy ordering of one's life is to devote it to research in mathematics.
I do not seek the ignorant; the ignorant seek me -- I will instruct them. I ask nothing but sincerity. If they come out of habit, they become tiresome.
"I don't believe in sweeping social change being manifested by one person, unless he has an atomic weapon."
I don't believe there really IS a GAS SHORTAGE.. I think it's all just a BIG HOAX on the part of the plastic sign salesmen -- to sell more numbers!!
I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial. I don't like the idea of a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
...I don't care for the term 'mechanistic'. The word 'cybernetic' is a lot more apropos. The mechanistic world-view is falling further and further behind the real world where even simple systems can produce the most marvelous chaos.
I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to run their own business. I know men that would make my wife a better husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
I DON'T CARE WHAT IT SAYS, said the tall biker in the helmet, I NEVER LAID A FINGER ON HIM.
I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
"I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating."
I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either.
I don't do it for the money.
I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
I don't even butter my bread. I consider that cooking.
I don't even know if it makes sense at all :) This is an experimental patch for an experimental kernel :))
I don't get no respect.
I don't guarantee that I always change my mind, but I _can_ guarantee that if most of the people I trust tell me I'm a dick-head, I'll at least give it a passing thought. [ Chorus: "You're a dick-head, Linus" ] Linus Torvalds in [an E-mail message](http://lwn.net/Articles/201440/).
I don't have an eating problem. I eat. I get fat. I buy new clothes. No problem.
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
I don't have any use for bodyguards, but I do have a specific use for two highly trained certified public accountants.
I don't have many examples where the author really blew it, because I try not to answer those questions. I figure that even if I don't, someone else will come along and say ``Because you can't just make shit up and expect the computer to magically know what you mean, Retardo!''. And even if nobody does come along and say this, that's not a bad thing.
I don't kill flies, but I like to mess with their minds. I hold them above globes. They freak out and yell "Whooa, I'm *way* too high."
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU, he said, BUT I COULD MURDER A CURRY. (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
I don't know if it's what you want, but it's what you get. :-)
I don't know what Descartes' got, But booze can do what Kant cannot.
"I don't know what their gripe is. A critic is simply someone paid to render opinions glibly." "Critics are grinks and groinks."
"I don't know what you mean by 'glory'," Alice said. Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously. "Of course you don't -- till I tell you. I meant 'there's a nice knock-down argument for you!'" "But glory doesn't mean 'a nice knock-down argument'," Alice objected. "When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor less." "The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean so many different things." "The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master -- that's all."
"I don't know where we come from, Don't know where we're going to, And if all this should have a reason, We would be the last to know. So let's just hope there is a promised land, And until then, ...as best as you can."
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
I don't know why, but first C programs tend to look a lot worse than first programs in any other language (maybe except for fortran, but then I suspect all fortran programs look like `firsts')
... I don't know why but, suddenly, I want to discuss declining I.Q. LEVELS with a blue ribbon SENATE SUB-COMMITTEE!
I don't know WHY I said that ... I think it came from the FILLINGS in my rear molars ...
I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.
... I don't like FRANK SINATRA or his CHILDREN.
"I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't, because if I liked it I'd eat it, and I just hate it."
I don't like the Dutchman. He's a crocodile. He's sneaky. I don't trust him. with Dutch Schultz. I don't trust Legs. He's nuts. He gets excited and starts pulling a trigger like another guy wipes his nose. "Legs" Diamond.
I don't like this official/unofficial distinction. It sound, er, officious.
I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
I don't mind arguing with myself. It's when I lose that it bothers me.
"I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path."
I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the streets and frighten the horses.
I don't need no arms around me... I don't need no drugs to calm me... I have seen the writing on the wall. Don't think I need anything at all. No! Don't think I need anything at all! All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall. All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
> >I don't really regard bible-kjv-text as a technical document, > > but... :) > It's a manual -- for living. But it hasn't been updated in a long time, many would say that it's sadly out of date, and the upstream maintainer doesn't respond to his email. :-) message to debian-policy
I don't remember it, but I have it written down.
"I don't see why it matters what is written. Not when it's about people. It can always be crossed out."
I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead. -Samuel Goldwyn
I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
I don't think I'm gonna agree with that. Way too much visual confusion...
I don't think 'It's better than hurling yourself into a meat grinder' is a good rationale for doing something. <20030905221055.GA22354@doc.ic.ac.uk> on debian-devel
I don't think it's worth washing hogs over.
I don't think I've ever been critical of the money Douglas Adams makes, especially since, as has been tactfully pointed out, I myself have had to change banks having filled the first one up.
"I don't think so," said Rene Descartes. Just then, he vanished.
"I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital. On the other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out."
"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down to the sea and drown yourselves." "How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why you human beings don't."
I don't understand the HUMOUR of the THREE STOOGES!!
I don't understand you anymore.
I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight, But there will definitely be a party tonight...
I don't want a pickle, I just wanna ride on my motorsickle. And I don't want to die, I just want to ride on my motorcy. Cle.
I don't want people to love me. It makes for obligations.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
I don't want to be young again, I just don't want to get any older.
I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.
I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?
I dote on his very absence.
I doubt, therefore I might be.
"I DO want your money, because god wants your money!"
I'd put my money where my mouth is, but my mouth keeps moving.
I’d rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.
I'd rather be led to hell than managed to heaven.
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy. [Also attributed to S. Clay Wilson. Ed.]
I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.
I'd rather laugh with the sinners, Than cry with the saints, The sinners are much more fun!
I'd rather push my Harley than ride a rice burner.
I dread success. To have succeeded is to have finished one's business on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment he has succeeded in his courtship. I like a state of continual becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
I drink to make other people interesting.
I dunno, I dream in Perl sometimes...
I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
I exist, therefore I am paid.
I EXPECT, he said, THAT YOU COULD MURDER A PIECE OF CHEESE? (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
"I expect I've saved the day, right?" (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
I expect that no one has objections. However, if I'd only add these entries to the list because `I think it's the right thing to do', I'd get a lot of flames afterwards :)
If a 6600 used paper tape instead of core memory, it would use up tape at about 30 miles/second.
If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
"If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far."
If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast is a camel's behind.
If a can of Alpo costs 38 cents, would it cost $2.50 in Dog Dollars?
If a child annoys you, quiet him by brushing his hair. If this doesn't work, use the other side of the brush on the other end of the child.
"If a computer can't directly address all the RAM you can use, it's just a toy."
If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever to get a "fix" of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude that netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.
If A equals success, then the formula is A = X + Y + Z. X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut.
If a fool persists in his folly he shall become wise.
If a group of persons implements a COBOL compiler, there will be N-1 passes. Someone in the group has to be the manager.
If a guru falls in the forest with no one to hear him, was he really a guru at all?
If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
If all be true that I do think, There be five reasons why one should drink; Good friends, good wine, or being dry, Or lest we should be by-and-by, Or any other reason why.
If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
If all else fails, lower your standards.
If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?
If all the Chinese simultaneously jumped into the Pacific off a 10 foot platform erected 10 feet off their coast, it would cause a tidal wave that would destroy everything in this country west of Nebraska.
If all the seas were ink, And all the reeds were pens, And all the skies were parchment, And all the men could write, These would not suffice To write down all the red tape Of this Government.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
If all the world's economists were laid end to end, we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
If a man had a child who'd gone anti-social, killed perhaps, he'd still tend to protect that child.
If a man has a strong faith he can indulge in the luxury of skepticism.
If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
If a man loses his reverence for any part of life, he will lose his reverence for all of life.
If a man slept by day, he had little time to work. That was a satisfying notion to Escargot.
If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience, it might well prolong his life.
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, ... it expects what never was and never will be.
"If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it will lose that, too."
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it will lose that, too.
If an average person on the subway turns to you, like an ancient mariner, and starts telling you her tale, you turn away or nod and hope she stops, not just because you fear she might be crazy. If she tells her tale on camera, you might listen. Watching strangers on television , even responding to them from a studio audience, we're disengaged -- voyeurs collaborating with exhibitionists in rituals of sham community. Never have so many known so much about people for whom they cared so little. in "I'm Dysfunctional, You're Dysfunctional".
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If an S and an I and an O and a U With an X at the end spell Su; And an E and a Y and an E spell I, Pray what is a speller to do? Then, if also an S and an I and a G And an HED spell side, There's nothing much left for a speller to do But to go commit siouxeyesighed.
If any man wishes to be humbled and mortified, let him become president of Harvard.
If anyone has seen my dog, please contact me at x2883 as soon as possible. We're offering a substantial reward. He's a sable collie, with three legs, blind in his left eye, is missing part of his right ear and the tip of his tail. He's been recently fixed. Answers to "Lucky".
"If anything can go wrong, it will."
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better, and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
If a person is FAMOUS in this country, they have to go on the ROAD for MONTHS at a time and have their name misspelled on the SIDE of a GREYHOUND SCENICRUISER!!
If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped. The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop. The law of gravity supercedes the law of golf.
if (argc > 1 && strcmp(argv[1], "-advice") == 0) { printf("Don't Panic!\n"); exit(42); }
If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as if he had lost his senses. When he looks down, paraphrase the question back at him.
If a system is administered wisely, its users will be content. They enjoy hacking their code and don't waste time implementing labor-saving shell scripts. Since they dearly love their accounts, they aren't interested in other machines. There may be telnet, rlogin, and ftp, but these don't access any hosts. There may be an arsenal of cracks and malware, but nobody ever uses them. People enjoy reading their mail, take pleasure in being with their newsgroups, spend weekends working at their terminals, delight in the doings at the site. And even though the next system is so close that users can hear its key clicks and biff beeps, they are content to die of old age without ever having gone to see it.
If a team is in a positive frame of mind, it will have a good attitude. If it has a good attitude, it will make a commitment to playing the game right. If it plays the game right, it will win -- unless, of course, it doesn't have enough talent to win, and no manager can make goose-liver pate out of goose feathers, so why worry?
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If at first you fricasee, fry, fry again.
If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as plentiful as blackberries...
If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
If a thing's worth having, it's worth cheating for.
If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
If a 'train station' is where a train stops, what's a 'workstation'?
If a tree falls down in the middle of the forest, and there’s no one there to hear it… what colour is the tree?
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
If Beethoven's Seventh Symphony is not by some means abridged, it will soon fall into disuse.
If Bill Gates is the Devil then Linus Torvalds must be the Messiah.
If Botticelli were alive today, he’d be working for Vogue.
If broomsticks were cars, this one would be a split-window Morris Minor.
If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, Jolt Cola would be a Fortune-500 company. If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, you'd be able to buy a nice little colonial split-level at Babbages for $34.95. If programmers wrote programs the way builders build buildings, we'd still be using autocoder and running compile decks.
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
If built in great numbers, motels will be used for nothing but illegal purposes.
If choice of syntax were the main factor of the maintainability of existing code, wouldn't the comment mantra be "Comment what you're doing, not why"? You can look up syntax in the language's documentation.
If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will serve us right.
If condition persists, consult your physician.
+#if defined(__alpha__) && defined(CONFIG_PCI) + /* + * The meaning of life, the universe, and everything. Plus + * this makes the year come out right. + */ + year -= 42; +#endif
#ifdef __SMP__ #error "Me no hablo Alpha SMP" #else #define irq_enter(cpu, irq) (++local_irq_count[cpu]) #define irq_exit(cpu, irq) (--local_irq_count[cpu]) #endif
"If Diet Coke did not exist it would have been necessary to invent it."
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
If Dr. Seuss Were a Technical Writer..... Here's an easy game to play. Here's an easy thing to say: If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port, And the bus is interrupted as a very last resort, And the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort, Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report! If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash, And the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash, And your data is corrupted 'cause the index doesn't hash, then your situation's hopeless, and your system's gonna crash! You can't say this? What a shame, sir! We'll find you another game, sir. If the label on the cable on the table at your house, Says the network is connected to the button on your mouse, But your packets want to tunnel on another protocol, That's repeatedly rejected by the printer down the hall, And your screen is all distorted by the side effects of gauss, So your icons in the window are as wavy as a souse, Then you may as well reboot and go out with a bang, 'Cause as sure as I'm a poet, the sucker's gonna hang! When the copy of your floppy's getting sloppy on the disk, And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risc, Then you have to flash your memory and you'll want to ram your rom. Quickly turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
I feel better about world problems now!
I feel ... JUGULAR ...
I feel like a wet parking meter on Darvon!
I feel like I am sharing a ``CORN-DOG'' with NIKITA KHRUSCHEV ...
I feel like I'm in a Toilet Bowl with a thumbtack in my forehead!!
I feel much better, now that I've given up hope. Ashleigh Brilliant
I feel partially hydrogenated!
I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...
If elected, Zippy pledges to each and every American a 55-year-old houseboy ...
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on, so I woke up from sheer boredom.
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other, there better be no trade. A trade by which one gains and the other loses is a fraud.
If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a deal faster.
If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing.
If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.
If for every rule there is an exception, then we have established that there is an exception to every rule. If we accept "For every rule there is an exception" as a rule, then we must concede that there may not be an exception after all, since the rule states that there is always the possibility of exception, and if we follow it to its logical end we must agree that there can be an exception to the rule that for every rule there is an exception.
If, for some reason, we make some big mistake and IBM wins, my personal feeling is that we are going to enter a computer Dark Ages for about twenty years.
#if _FP_W_TYPE_SIZE < 32 #error "Here's a nickel kid. Go buy yourself a real computer." #endif
#if _FP_W_TYPE_SIZE < 64 #error "Only stud muffins allowed, schmuck." #endif
"If gharstely creatures from before the Dawna Time starts wavin' at you from under your bed, jus' you don't come complainin' to me," (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three to a can.
If God had a beard, he'd be a UNIX programmer.
If God had intended Man to program, we'd be born with serial I/O ports.
If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.
If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.
If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their Heads.
If God had meant for us to be in the Army, we would have been born with green, baggy skin.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
If God had not given us sticky tape, it would have been necessary to invent it.
If God hadn't wanted you to be paranoid, He wouldn't have given you such a vivid imagination.
If God had really intended men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the airport.
If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would have made them cute and furry.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If God is dead, who will save the Queen?
If God is One, what is bad?
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
If God wanted us to have a President, He would have sent us a candidate.
If God were a villain - he'd be me.
If graphics hackers are so smart, why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?
If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
If he had only learnt a little less, how infinitely better he might have taught much more!
If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
If he should ever change his faith, it'll be because he no longer thinks he's God.
If I allowed "next $label" then I'd also have to allow "goto $label", and I don't think you really want that... :-)
If I am elected no one will ever have to do their laundry again!
If I am elected, the concrete barriers around the WHITE HOUSE will be replaced by tasteful foam replicas of ANN MARGARET!
If I can have honesty, it's easier to overlook mistakes.
If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell.
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
If I could read your mind, love, What a tale your thoughts could tell, Just like a paperback novel, The kind the drugstore sells, When you reach the part where the heartaches come, The hero would be me, Heroes often fail, You won't read that book again, because the ending is just too hard to take. I walk away, like a movie star, Who gets burned in a three way script, Enter number two, A movie queen to play the scene Of bringing all the good things out in me, But for now, love, let's be real I never thought I could act this way, And I've got to say that I just don't get it, I don't know where we went wrong but the feeling is gone And I just can't get it back...
If I could stick my pen in my heart, I would spill it all over the stage. Would it satisfy ya, would it slide on by ya, Would you think the boy was strange? Ain't he strange? ... If I could stick a knife in my heart, Suicide right on the stage, Would it be enough for your teenage lust, Would it help to ease the pain? Ease your brain?
If I'd known computer science was going to be like this, I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
"If I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go to hell."
"If I do not want others to quote me, I do not speak."
If I don't document something, it's usually either for a good reason, or a bad reason. In this case it's a good reason. :-)
If I don't drive around the park, I'm pretty sure to make my mark. If I'm in bed each night by ten, I may get back my looks again. If I abstain from fun and such, I'll probably amount to much; But I shall stay the way I am, Because I do not give a damn.
If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.
"If I ever get around to writing that language depompisifier, it will change almost all occurrences of the word "paradigm" into "example" or "model."
If I felt any more SOPHISTICATED I would DIE of EMBARRASSMENT!
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?
"I figured there was this holocaust, right, and the only ones left alive were Donna Reed, Ozzie and Harriet, and the Cleavers." is so nice
I figured wrong (with a capital R).
If I had a formula for bypassing trouble, I would not pass it around. Trouble creates a capacity to handle it. I don't say embrace trouble; that's as bad as treating it as an enemy. But I do say meet it as a friend, for you'll see a lot of it and you had better be on speaking terms with it.
If *I* had a hammer, there'd be no more folk singers.
IF I HAD A MINE SHAFT, I don't think I would just abandon it. There's got to be a better way.
If I had any humility I would be perfect.
If I had a Q-TIP, I could prevent th' collapse of NEGOTIATIONS!!
If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from a laboratory jar at Harvard. AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
... If I had heart failure right now, I couldn't be a more fortunate man!!
If I had my life to live over, I'd try to make more mistakes next time. I would relax, I would limber up, I would be sillier than I have been this trip. I know of very few things I would take seriously. I would be crazier. I would climb more mountains, swim more rivers and watch more sunsets. I'd travel and see. I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones. You see, I am one of those people who lives prophylactically and sensibly and sanely, hour after hour, day after day. Oh, I have had my moments and, if I had it to do over again, I'd have more of them. In fact, I'd try to have nothing else. Just moments, one after another, instead of living so many years ahead each day. I have been one of those people who never go anywhere without a thermometer, a hotwater bottle, a gargle, a raincoat and a parachute. If I had it to do over again, I would go places and do things and travel lighter than I have. If I had my life to live over, I would start bare-footed earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall. I would play hooky more. I probably wouldn't make such good grades, but I'd learn more. I would ride on more merry-go-rounds. I'd pick more daisies.
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
If I have not seen so far it is because I stood in giant's footsteps.
If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulders of giants. In the sciences, we are now uniquely priviledged to sit side by side with the giants on whose shoulders we stand. If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on my shoulders. Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders. Mathemeticians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists stand on each other's toes. It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders. If this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and software engineers dig each other's graves.
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
If I have trouble installing Linux, something is wrong. Very wrong.
If I kiss you, that is an psychological interaction. On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick, that is also a psychological interaction. The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not so friendly. The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
If I knew what brand [of whiskey] he drinks, I would send a barrel or so to my other generals.
I fill MY industrial waste containers with old copies of the "WATCHTOWER" and then add HAWAIIAN PUNCH to the top ... They look NICE in the yard ...
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
If imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not use.
I finally went to the eye doctor. I got contacts. I only need them to read, so I got flip-ups.
If in any problem you find yourself doing an immense amount of work, the answer can be obtained by simple inspection.
If in doubt, mumble.
"I find this a nice feature but it is not according to the documentation. Or is it a BUG?" "Let's call it an accidental feature. :-)"
I find this corpse guilty of carrying a concealed weapon and I fine it $40. just shot.
I find you lack of faith in the forth dithturbing.
if (instr(buf,sys_errlist[errno])) /* you don't see this */
If I promised you the moon and the stars, would you believe it?
If I pull this SWITCH I'll be RITA HAYWORTH!! Or a SCIENTOLOGIST!
If I set here and stare at nothing long enough, people might think I'm an engineer working on something.
If it ain't baroque, don't phiques it.
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it."
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
if it GLISTENS, gobble it!!
If it happens once, it's a bug. If it happens twice, it's a feature. If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.
If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.
If it heals good, say it.
If it is a Miracle, any sort of evidence will answer, but if it is a Fact, proof is necessary.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow As Dame Fortune did intend, Murphy would be there to tell me The pot's at the other end.
If it smells it's chemistry, if it crawls it's biology, if it doesn't work it's physics.
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
"If it's not loud, it doesn't work!"
If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.
If it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine. If it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
If it's worth doing, it's worth doing for money.
If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.
If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.
If it wasn't for the fun and money, I really don't know why I'd bother.
If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
If it were thought that anything I wrote was influenced by Robert Frost, I would take that particular work of mine, shred it, and flush it down the toilet, hoping not to clog the pipes. A more sententious, holding- forth old bore who expected every hero-worshiping adenoidal little twerp of a student-poet to hang on to his every word I never saw.
If I wanted made-up random crap and hallucinations, I'd ask ChatGPT, not my filesystem.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.
If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it because I can't swim.
"If Jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up."
"If John Madden steps outside on February 2, looks down, and doesn't see his feet, we'll have 6 more weeks of Pro football."
If just one piece of mail gets lost, well, they'll just think they forgot to send it. But if *two* pieces of mail get lost, hell, they'll just think the other guy hasn't gotten around to answering his mail. And if *fifty* pieces of mail get lost, can you imagine it, if *fifty* pieces of mail get lost, why they'll think someone *else* is broken! And if 1Gb of mail gets lost, they'll just *know* that Arpa [ucbarpa.berkeley.edu] is down and think it's a conspiracy to keep them from their God given right to receive Net Mail ...
If Karl, instead of writing a lot about Capital, had made a lot of Capital, it would have been much better.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.
If life is merely a joke, the question still remains: for whose amusement?
If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?
If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women you've got in the house.
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
If loving linux is wrong, I don't wanna be right.
If Machiavelli were a hacker, he'd have worked for the CSSG.
If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.
If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number.
If men are not afraid to die, it is of no avail to threaten them with death. If men live in constant fear of dying, And if breaking the law means a man will be killed, Who will dare to break the law? There is always an official executioner. If you try to take his place, It is like trying to be a master carpenter and cutting wood. If you try to cut wood like a master carpenter, you will only hurt your hand.
if (me != you) // FIXME: probably always true, delete? for (n = 0; n < who_knows_what; n++) { answer = DoSomething (withthis[n]); if (answer == foobar) { GetLost (n); break; } }
If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
If not completely satisfied, return for full refund of purchase price.
If Not You, Who Else?
"If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination."
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any connection of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not far to seek.... The cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the various denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor, it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that, if any connection of State and Church were permitted, some rival denomination would get an unfair advantage. from "Democracy in the Schools", 1908
If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out. of the Young"
If only Dionysus were alive! Where would he eat?
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss Bank.
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.
If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.
If only you knew she loved you, you could face the uncertainty of whether you love her.
If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
I forgot to mention an important fact in the 1.3.67 announcement. In order to get a fully working kernel, you have to follow the steps below: - Walk around your computer widdershins 3 times, chanting "Linus is overworked, and he makes lousy patches, but we love him anyway". Get your spuouse to do this too for extra effect. Children are optional. - Apply the patch included in this mail - Call your system "Super-67", and don't forget to unapply the patch before you later applying the official 1.3.68 patch. - reboot
I for one cannot protest the recent M.T.A. fare hike and the accompanying promises that this would in no way improve service. For the transit system, as it now operates, has hidden advantages that can't be measured in monetary terms. Personally, I feel that it is well worth 75 cents or even $1 to have that unimpeachable excuse whenever I am late to anything: "I came by subway." Those four words have such magic in them that if Godot should someday show up and mumble them, any audience would instantly understand his long delay.
"I found out why my car was humming. It had forgotten the words."
I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
I found while driving in Wyoming that wearing a stetson and driving a beat-up pickup meant you could go as fast as you like, while the police picked up Californian winnebagos that went one mph over 55. After all, they wanted to *bring* money into the state, not merely circulate it.
If our behavior is strict, we do not need fun!
If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad, he should see how bad it is with representation.
"If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed."
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.
If people concentrated on the really important things in life, there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
If people drank ink instead of Schlitz, they'd be better off. [What brand of ink? Ed.]
If people have to choose between freedom and sandwiches, they will take sandwiches. Eats first, morals after.
If people see that you mean them no harm, they'll never hurt you, nine times out of ten!
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
If rash develops, discontinue use.
If redness or swelling develop, consult physician promptly.
If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
If researchers wrote nursery rhymes... Little Miss Muffet sat on her gluteal region, Eating components of soured milk. On at least one occasion, along came an arachnid and sat down beside her, Or at least in her vicinity, And caused her to feel an overwhelming, but not paralyzing, fear, Which motivated the patient to leave the area rather quickly.
"If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with pool cues, who would win? 1) Ricky Schroder 2) Gary Coleman 3) The television viewing public"
If Robert Di Niro assassinates Walter Slezak, will Jodie Foster marry Bonzo??
If Roosevelt were alive, he'd turn over in his grave. -Samuel Goldwyn
if (rsfp = mypopen("/bin/mail root","w")) { /* heh, heh */
If science were explained to the average person in a way that is accessible and exciting, there would be no room for pseudoscience. But there is a kind of Gresham's Law by which in popular culture the bad science drives out the good. And for this I think we have to blame, first, the scientific community ourselves for not doing a better job of popularizing science, and second, the media, which are in this respect almost uniformly dreadful. Every newspaper in America has a daily astrology column. How many have even a weekly astronomy column? And I believe it is also the fault of the educational system. We do not teach how to think. This is a very serious failure that may even, in a world rigged with 60,000 nuclear weapons, compromise the human future. Vol. 12, Fall 87
If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world. One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.
If she had not been cupric in her ions, Her shape ovoidal, Their romance might have flourished. But he built tetrahedral in his shape, His ions ferric, Love could not help but die, Uncatylised, inert, and undernourished.
If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
If some day we are defeated, well, war has its fortunes, good and bad.
If someone can point me to a good and _FREE_ backup software that keeps track of which files get stored on which tape, we can change to it.
If someone had told me I would be Pope one day, I would have studied harder.
If someone says he will do something "without fail", he won't.
If someone stinks, view it as a reason to help them, not a reason to avoid them.
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
If something has not yet gone wrong then it would ultimately have been beneficial for it to go wrong.
If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the way they do?
"If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem."
"If that man in the PTL is such a healer, why can't he make his wife's hairdo go down?"
If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would presumably flunk it.
If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream and never be our destiny.
If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per per gallon, and explode once a year killing everyone inside.
"...if the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust, this would be a better world." - Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"
"If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong."
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude. See in college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall learn what you have no taste or capacity for. The college, which should be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits. I would have the studies elective. Scholarship is to be created not by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge. The wise instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the attractions the study has for himself. The marking is a system for schools, not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to put on a professor.
If the Creator had said, "Let there be light" in Ankh-Morpork, he'd have gotten no further because of all the people saying "What colour?"
If the designers of X-window built cars, there would be no fewer than five steering wheels hidden about the cockpit, none of which followed the same principles -- but you'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo. Useful feature, that.
If the ends don't justify the means, then what does?
If the English language made any sense, lackadaisical would have something to do with a shortage of flowers. [Not to mention, butterfly would be flutterby. Ed.]
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
If the future isn't what it used to be, does that mean that the past is subject to change in times to come?
If the future navigation system [for interactive networked services on the NII] looks like something from Microsoft, it will never work.
If the government doesn't trust the people, why doesn't it dissolve them and elect a new people?
If the grass is greener on other side of fence, consider what may be fertilizing it.
If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't.
"If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!"
If the master dies and the disciple grieves, the lives of both have been wasted.
If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched, then this sentence would not be false.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
If the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of a circuit, I see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by electricity. -- Samuel F. B. Morse
If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.
If there are self-made purgatories, then we all have to live in them.
"If there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein. If there are any circumstances which permit an exception, they do not now occur to us." State Board of Education v. Barnette 319 U.S. 624 No. 591
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong. If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly develop.
If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life.
If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If there is no wind, row.
"If there isn't a population problem, why is the government putting cancer in the cigarettes?"
If there was any justice in the world, "trust" would be a four-letter word.
If there were a school for, say, sheet metal workers, that after three years left its graduates as unprepared for their careers as does law school, it would be closed down in a minute, and no doubt by lawyers.
If the rich could pay the poor to die for them, what a living the poor could make!
If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great. If the operating system is great, then the compiler is great. If the compiler is great, then the application is great. If the application is great, then the user is pleased and there is harmony in the world. The Tao gave birth to machine language. Machine language gave birth to the assembler. The assembler gave birth to the compiler. Now there are ten thousand languages. Each language has its purpose, however humble. Each language expresses the Yin and Yang of software. Each language has its place within the Tao. But do not program in COBOL if you can avoid it.
If the thunder don't get you, then the lightning will.
If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job. Let's hear it for OSI and X! With those babies in the wings, we can count on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening, paper folding, or something.
If the very old will remember, the very young will listen.
If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down. If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down. If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will exceed all expectations.
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you.
If they were so inclined, they could impeach him because they don't like his necktie.
If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.
If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.
If this is a service economy, why is the service so bad?
If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
If this were Ada, I suppose we'd just constant fold 1/0 into die "Illegal division by zero"
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
"If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?"
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
"If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely."
If voting could change the system, it would be illegal. If not voting could change the system, it would be illegal.
If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.
If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would all be millionaires.
If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed.
If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
"If we find a cat I'm going to kick it!"
If we see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's the light of an oncoming train.
If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world.
If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty, we encourage it, and involve others in our doom.
If we want something nice to get born in nine months, then sex has to happen. We want to have the kind of sex that is acceptable and fun for both people, not the kind where someone is getting screwed. Let's get some cross fertilization, but not someone getting screwed.
If we want to have any kind of confidence that the hash is really unbreakable, we should make it not just longer than 160 bits, we should make sure that it's two or more hashes, and that they are based on totally different principles. And we should all digitally sign every single object too, and we should use 4096-bit PGP keys and unguessable passphrases that are at least 20 words in length. And we should then build a bunker 5 miles underground, encased in lead, so that somebody cannot flip a few bits with a ray-gun, and make us believe that the sha1's match when they don't. Oh, and we need to all wear aluminum propeller beanies to make sure that they don't use that ray-gun to make us do the modification _ourselves_.
"If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage."
If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us with alarm clocks.
If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.
If what they've been doing hasn't solved the problem, tell them to do something else.
If while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted.
If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it. Quit work and play for once!
If you analyse anything, you destroy it.
If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
"If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry."
If you are a police dog, where's your badge? crazy.
"If you are beginning to doubt what I am saying, you are probably hallucinating."
If you are going to run a rinky-dink distro made by a couple of volunteers, why not run a rinky-dink distro made by a lot of volunteers?
If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.
If you are good, you will be assigned all the work. If you are real good, you will get out of it.
If you are honest because honesty is the best policy, your honesty is corrupt.
If you are not for yourself, who will be for you? If you are for yourself, then what are you? If not now, when?
If you aren't rich you should always look useful.
If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than words.
If you are over 80 years old and accompanied by your parents, we will cash your check.
If you are shooting under 80 you are neglecting your business; over 80 you are neglecting your golf.
If you are smart enough to know that you're not smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.
If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.
If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
If you are what you eat, I guess that makes me a cheese danish.
If you bring forth what is within you, what you bring forth will save you. If you do not bring forth what is within you, what you do not bring forth will destroy you.
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
"If you can, help others. If you can't, at least don't hurt others."
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, then you clearly don't understand the situation.
If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.
If you cannot in the long run tell everyone what you have been doing, your doing was worthless.
If you can read this, you're too close.
If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.
If you can't be good, be careful. If you can't be careful, give me a call.
"If you can't debate me, then there is no way in hell you'll out-insult me." "You may be wrong here, little one."
If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
If you can't read this, blame a teacher.
If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
"If you can write a nation's stories, you needn't worry about who makes its laws. Today, television tells most of the stories to most of the people most of the time."
If you consistently take an antagonistic approach, however, people are going to start thinking you're from New York. :-)
If you continually give you will continually have.
"If you control yourself, you control life. You should not give in to every little problem. Be open, be determined, never play the cripple, but control yourself. Be the master of your pain and problems. Force yourself to be cheerfully faithful. Then you will find strength you did not know you had. Command yourself so that you can master yourself. Do something every day that you do not like to do, and avoid doing something every day that you would gladly have done. That is the secret of every great personality."
If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
If you didn't have most of your friends, you wouldn't have most of your problems.
If you didn't have to work so hard, you'd have more time to be depressed.
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you had done it.
If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?
If you don't drink it, someone else will.
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
If you don't know what game you're playing, don't ask what the score is.
If you don't like the way I drive, stay off the sidewalk!
> If you don't need X then little VT-100 terminals are available for real > cheap. Should be able to find decent ones used for around $40 each. > For that price, they're a must for the kitchen, den, bathrooms, etc.. :) You're right. Can you explain this to my wife?
If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
If you don't strike oil in twenty minutes, stop boring.
If you don’t turn your life into a story, you just become a part of someone else’s story.
"If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do: Pour a little Lavoris in the toilet."
If you do something right once, someone will ask you to do it again.
If you do your best the rest of the way, that takes care of everything. When we get to October 2, we'll add up the wins, and then we'll either all go into the playoffs, or we'll all go home and play golf. Both those things sound pretty good to me.
If you drink, don't park. Accidents make people.
"If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to have to get a toehold in the public eye."
If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program an imbedded system. The salient characteristic of an imbedded system is that it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention will suffice to remove it. An imbedded system can't permanently trust anything it hears from the outside world. It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff around, and adapt again. I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming carefulness here. No. Programming an imbedded system calls for undiluted raging maniacal paranoia. For example, our ethernet front ends need to know what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs properly. How do you find out what your network number is? Easy, you ask a gateway. Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network numbers. Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all over creation. Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong network number? Never supposed to happen. Tough. Supposing that your software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network number than before, what's it supposed to do about it? This is not discussed in the protocol document. Never supposed to happen. Tough. I think you get my drift.
If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
If you fail to plan, plan to fail.
If you fall and break your legs, don't come running to me. -Samuel Goldwyn
If you find a solution and become attached to it, the solution may become your next problem.
If you flaunt it, expect to have it trashed.
If you float on instinct alone, how can you calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
If you fool around with something long enough, it will eventually break.
If you give Congress a chance to vote on both sides of an issue, it will always do it.
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.
If you go out of your mind, do it quietly, so as not to disturb those around you.
If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.
If you had better tools, you could more effectively demonstrate your total incompetence.
If you had just a minute to breathe, And they granted you one final wish, Would you ask for something Like another chance?
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.
If you haven't enjoyed the material in the last few lectures then a career in chartered accountancy beckons. Systems course.
If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation, does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions. You must make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at cats. The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer will be courteous as well as responsive. Since you are out of sympathy with cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the dedication ceremonies of a cat hospital. But bear in mind that your opinion of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker. Try to keep things straight.
<<< If you have the same ideas as everybody else, but have them one week earlier than everyone else - then you will be hailed as a visionary. But if you have them five years earlier, you will be named a lunatic. >>> — Barry Jones
If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
If you have to hate, hate gently.
If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.
If you honor the noble, you become their master; if you honor the lowly, they rebel.
If you hype something and it succeeds, you're a genius -- it wasn't a hype. If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior.
If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.
If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of rubbish into it.
If you knew what to say next, would you say it?
If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn 365 useless things.
"If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and fire them all off, wouldn't you?"
If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee.
If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat.
If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made because very few people die past the age of a hundred.
"If you'll excuse me a minute, I'm going to have a cup of coffee." Houston July 20, 1969, 7:27 P.M.
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
If you look like your driver's license photo -- see a doctor. If you look like your passport photo -- it's too late for a doctor.
If you lose a son you can always get another, but there's only one Maltese Falcon.
If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get rich, or famous or both.
If you love someone, set them free. If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think they'll hate you.
If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
If you notice that a person is deceiving you, they must not be deceiving you very well.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
"If you own a machine, you are in turn owned by it, and spend your time serving it..."
If you permit yourself to read meanings into (rather than drawing meanings out of) the evidence, you can draw any conclusion you like. No 4 p 416
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't get any ice. If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
If you put 7 of the most talented open source software developers in a room for a week and asked them to fix a bug in a spreadsheet program, in 1 week you'd have 2 new mail readers and a text-based web browser.
"If you put butter and salt on it, it tastes like salty butter." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
If you put it off long enough, it might go away.
If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out but tomfoolery. But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow ennobled and no-one dare criticise it.
If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a restaurant.
If your aim in life is nothing, you can't miss.
If your bread is stale, make toast.
If you really want pure ASCII, save it as text... or browse it with your favorite browser...
If you're careful enough, nothing bad or good will ever happen to you.
If you're carrying a torch, put it down. The Olympics are over.
If you're constantly being mistreated, you're cooperating with the treatment.
If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four strong oxen than 100 chickens. Chickens are OK but we can't make them work together yet.
If you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it.
If you're going to America, bring your own food.
If you're going to define a shortcut, then make it the base [sic] darn shortcut you can.
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
- "If you're going to suggest I try dropping twenty feet down a pitch dark tower in the hope of hitting a couple of greasy little steps which might not even still be there, you can forget it," said Rincewind sharply. - "There is an alternative, then." - "Out with it, man." - "You could drop five hundred feet down a pitch black tower and hit stones which certainly are there," said Twoflower. Dead silence from below him. Then Rincewind said, accusingly, "That was sarcasm."
If you're happy, you're successful.
If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs around your home are too difficult to tackle. So, when your furnace explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it. The "professional" arrives in a truck with lettering on the sides and deposits a large quantity of tools and two assistants who spend the better part of the week in your basement whacking objects at random with heavy wrenches, after which the "professional" returns and gives you a bill for slightly more money than it would cost you to run a successful campaign for the U.S. Senate. And that's why you've decided to start doing things yourself. You figure, "If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I. How difficult can it be?" Very difficult. In fact, most home projects are impossible, which is why you should do them yourself. There is no point in paying other people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up yourself for far less money. This article can help you.
If you remove stricture from a large Perl program currently, you're just installing delayed bugs, whereas with this feature, you're installing an instant bug that's easily fixed. Whoopee.
If you're not careful, you're going to catch something.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
If you're right 90% of the time, why quibble about the remaining 3%?
If you resist reading what you disagree with, how will you ever acquire deeper insights into what you believe? The things most worth reading are precisely those that challenge our convictions.
[I]f you're trying to choose between two theories and one gives you an excuse for being lazy, the other one is probably right."
If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war, As well as by traffic and crime, Consider how worry-free gophers are, Though living on burrowed time.
If your hands are clean and your cause is just and your demands are reasonable, at least it's a start.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
If your mother knew what you're doing, she'd probably hang her head and cry.
If you see an onion ring -- answer it!
If you see the lion's teeth exposed, do not think the lion is smiling at you.
If you sell diamonds, you cannot expect to have many customers. But a diamond is a diamond even if there are no customers.
If you sit down at a poker game and don't see a sucker, get up. You're the sucker.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research.
If you stew apples like cranberries, they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker, It is slick to stick a lock upon your stock. Or some joker who is slicker, Will trick you of your liquor, If you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
If you stick your head in the sand, one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
If you suspect that this message may have been intercepted or amended, please call the sender.
If you take the small view, the universe is just something small and round, like those water-filled balls which produce a miniature snowstorm when you shake them. Although, unless the ineffable plan is a lot more ineffable than it's given credit for, it does not have a large plastic snowman at the bottom.
If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real harm.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with your Bic.
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
If you think the system is working, ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.
If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you lack sufficient imagination.
If you throw a New Year's Party, the worst thing that you can do would be to throw the kind of party where your guests wake up today, and call you to say they had a nice time. Now you'll be be expected to throw another party next year. What you should do is throw the kind of party where your guest wake up several days from now and call their lawyers to find out if they've been indicted for anything. You want your guests to be so anxious to avoid a recurrence of your party that they immediately start planning parties of their own, a year in advance, just to prevent you from having another one ... If your party is successful, the police will knock on your door, unless your party is very successful in which case they will lob tear gas through your living room window. As host, your job is to make sure that they don't arrest anybody. Or if they're dead set on arresting someone, your job is to make sure it isn't you ...
If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
"If you took everyone who's ever been to a Dead show, and lined them up, they'd stretch halfway to the moon and back... and none of them would be complaining."
If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.
"If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything."
If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe?
If you wait long enough, it will go away... after having done its damage. If it was bad, it will be back.
If you want divine justice, die.
If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it, even if they don't know what it means.
"If you want the best things to happen in corporate life you have to find ways to be hospitable to the unusual person. You don't get innovation as a democratic process. You almost get it as an anti-democratic process. Certainly you get it as an anthitetical process, so you have to have an environment where the body of people are really amenable to change and can deal with the conflicts that arise out of change an innovation." "Herman Miller's Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
"If you want to eat hippopotamus, you've got to pay the freight."
If you want to get rich from writing, write the sort of thing that's read by persons who move their lips when the're reading to themselves.
If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
If you want to know what god thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
"If you want to know what happens to you when you die, go look at some dead stuff."
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
If you want to program in C, program in C. It's a nice language. I use it occasionally... :-)
If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.
If you want to see card tricks, you have to expect to take cards.
If you want to see useful Perl examples, we can certainly arrange to have comp.lang.misc flooded with them, but I don't think that would help the advance of civilization. :-)
If you want to travel around the world and be invited to speak at a lot of different places, just write a Unix operating system.
If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the Constitution. It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's statecraft. Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with the word "National."
If you want your program to be readable, consider supplying the argument.
If you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal.
"If you weren't my teacher, I'd think you just deleted all my files." "rm -i *" to get rid of a file named "-f" on a Unix system.
If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and heartbeats.
If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk. If you wish to be happy for three days, get married. If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it. If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
If you would understand your own age, read the works of fiction produced in it. People in disguise speak freely.
If you wrap your knuckles against a window jamb or door, if you brush your leg against a bed or desk, if you catch your foot in a curled- up corner of a rug, or strike a toe against a desk or chair, go back and repeat the sequence. You will find yourself surprised how far off course you were to hit that window jamb, that door, that chair. Get back on course and do it again. How can you pilot a spacecraft if you can't find your way around your own apartment?
If you write something wrong enough, I'll be glad to make up a new witticism just for you.
"I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment."
I gave my love an Apple, that had no core; I gave my love a building, that had no floor; I wrote my love a program, that had no end; I gave my love an upgrade, with no cryin'. How can there be an Apple, that has no core? How can there be a building, that has no floor? How can there be a program, that has no end? How can there be an upgrade, with no cryin'? An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core! A building that's perfect, it has no flaw! A program with GOTOs, it has no end! I lied about the upgrade, with no cryin'!
I gave up Smoking, Drinking and Sex. It was the most *horrifying* 20 minutes of my life!
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
> I get the following error messages at bootup, could anyone tell me > what they mean? > fcntl_setlk() called by process 51 (lpd) with broken flock() emulation They mean that you have not read the documentation when upgrading the kernel.
I get up each morning, gather my wits. Pick up the paper, read the obits. If I'm not there I know I'm not dead. So I eat a good breakfast and go back to bed. Oh, how do I know my youth is all spent? My get-up-and-go has got-up-and-went. But in spite of it all, I'm able to grin, And think of the places my get-up has been.
I give you the man who -- the man who -- uh, I forgets the man who?
ignisecond, n: The overlapping moment of time when the hand is locking the car door even as the brain is saying, "my keys are in there!"
Ignorance is bliss. Fortune updates the great quotes, #42: BLISS is ignorance.
Ignorance is never out of style. It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
"Ignorance is the soil in which belief in miracles grows."
Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.
Ignorance must certainly be bliss or there wouldn't be so many people so resolutely pursuing it.
ignorance, n.: When you don't know anything, and someone else finds out.
Ignore previous fortune.
"I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs."
I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
<igor> Hah! we have 2 Johnie Ingrams in the channel :) <igor> Hey all btw :)
I got a hint of things to come when I overheard my boss lamenting, 'The books are done and we still don't have an author! I must sign someone today! on the topic of school textbooks
"I got a question for ya. Ya got a minute?"
"I got everybody to pay up front...then I blew up their planet." "Now why didn't I think of that?"
"I got into an elevator at work and this man followed in after me... I pushed '1' and he just stood there... I said 'Hi, where you going?' He said, 'Phoenix.' So I pushed Phoenix. A few seconds later the doors opened, two tumbleweeds blew in... we were in downtown Phoenix. I looked at him and said 'You know, you're the kind of guy I want to hang around with.' We got into his car and drove out to his shack in the desert. Then the phone rang. He said 'You get it.' I picked it up and said 'Hello?'... the other side said 'Is this Steven Wright?'... I said 'Yes...' The guy said 'Hi, I'm Mr. Jones, the student loan director from your bank... It seems you have missed your last 17 payments, and the university you attended said that they received none of the $17,000 we loaned you... we would just like to know what happened to the money?' I said, 'Mr. Jones, I'll give it to you straight. I gave all of the money to my friend Slick, and with it he built a nuclear weapon... and I would appreciate it if you never called me again."
I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose. Now when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and farther, trying to see it clearly)... and says, "Here, you can go."
I got the bill for my surgery. Now I know what those doctors were wearing masks for.
I got this powdered water -- now I don't know what to add.
I got tired of listening to the recording on the phone at the movie theater. So I bought the album. I got kicked out of a theater the other day for bringing my own food in. I argued that the concession stand prices were outrageous. Besides, I hadn't had a barbecue in a long time. I went to the theater and the sign said adults $5 children $2.50. I told them I wanted 2 boys and a girl. I once took a cab to a drive-in movie. The movie cost me $95.
I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
I guess I really am an optimist. A paranoid optimist, true, but an optimist nonetheless. Larry Wall, "The 3rd State of the Onion"
I guess it was all a DREAM ... or an episode of HAWAII FIVE-O ...
I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took time enough to figure out where the goal line was -- what it meant to win -- or even how you won.
I guess I've been wrong all my life, but so have billions of other people... Certainty is just an emotion.
I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
I guess what I'm saying is that the croak in question is requiring agreement (in the linguistic sense) that isn't buying us anything.
I guess you guys got BIG MUSCLES from doing too much STUDYING!
I had a feeling once about mathematics -- that I saw it all. Depth beyond depth was revealed to me -- the Byss and the Abyss. I saw -- as one might see the transit of Venus or even the Lord Mayor's Show -- a quantity passing through infinity and changing its sign from plus to minus. I saw exactly why it happened and why tergiversation was inevitable -- but it was after dinner and I let it go.
I had a lease on an OEDIPUS COMPLEX back in '81 ...
I had an errand there: gathering water-lilies, green leaves and lilies white to please my pretty lady, the last ere the year's end to keep them from the winter, to flower by her pretty feet till the snows are melted. Each year at summer's end I go to find them for her, in a wide pool, deep and clear, far down Withywindle; there they open first in spring and there they linger latest. By that pool long ago I found the River-daughter, fair young Goldberry sitting in the rushes. Sweet was her singing then, and her heart was beating! And that proved well for you--for now I shall no longer go down deep again along the forest-water, no while the year is old. Nor shall I be passing Old Man Willow's house this side of spring-time, not till the merry spring, when the River-daughter dances down the withy-path to bathe in the water.
I had another dream the other day about music critics. They were small and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a painting by Goya.
I had no shoes and I pitied myself. Then I met a man who had no feet, so I took his shoes.
I had pancake makeup for brunch!
I had sex with my third cousin. My sister told me to stop counting.
I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and implement a PL/1 compiler.
I hate babies. They're so human.
I hate dying.
I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day cause that means it's going to be up all night.
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
I hate quotations.
I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park there's nothing else to do.
"I hate the itching. But I don't mind the swelling." to get everyone to start saying
I hate trolls. Maybe I could metamorph it into something else -- like a ravenous, two-headed, fire-breathing dragon.
"I have a bone to pick, and a few to break."
I have a book on my bookshelf that I’ve never read, but that has a great title. It says, “All Truth is God’s Truth.” And I believe that. The most viable belief systems are those that can reach out and incorporate new ideas, new memes, new metaphors, new interfaces, new extensions, new ways of doing things. My goal this year is to try to get Perl to reach out and cooperate with Java. I know it may be difficult for some of you to swallow, but Java is not the enemy. Nor is Lisp, or Python, or Tcl. That is not to say that these languages don't have good and bad points. I am not a cultural relativist. Nor am I a linguistic relativist. In case you hadn't noticed. :-)
I have a box of telephone rings under my bed. Whenever I get lonely, I open it up a little bit, and I get a phone call. One day I dropped the box all over the floor. The phone wouldn't stop ringing. I had to get it disconnected. So I got a new phone. I didn't have much money, so I had to get an irregular. It doesn't have a five. I ran into a friend of mine on the street the other day. He said why don't you give me a call. I told him I can't call everybody I want to anymore, my phone doesn't have a five. He asked how long had it been that way. I said I didn't know -- my calendar doesn't have any sevens.
I have accepted Provolone into my life!
I have a dog; I named him Stay. So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here, Stay, here..." but he got wise to that. Now when I call him he ignores me and just keeps on typing.
I have a dream. I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
"I have a friend who just got back from the Soviet Union, and told me the people there are hungry for information about the West. He was asked about many things, but I will give you two examples that are very revealing about life in the Soviet Union. The first question he was asked was if we had exploding television sets. You see, they have a problem with the picture tubes on color television sets, and many are exploding. They assumed we must be having problems with them too. The other question he was asked often was why the CIA had killed Samantha Smith, the little girl who visited the Soviet Union a few years ago; their propaganda is very effective. "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 100
I have a friend whose a billionaire. He invented Cliff's notes. When I asked him how he got such a great idea he said, "Well first I... I just... to make a long story short..."
I have a hobby. I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it.
I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me, And what can be the use of him is more than I can see. He is very, very like me from the heels up to the head; And I see him jump before me, when I jump into my bed. The funniest thing about him is the way he likes to grow-- Not at all like proper children, which is always very slow; For he sometimes shoots up taller, like an india-rubber ball, And he sometimes gets so little that there's none of him at all.
I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to sacrifice my wife's brother.
I have also been a huge Unix fan ever since I realized that SCO was not Unix. -- Dennis Baker
I have always noticed that whenever a radical takes to Imperialism, he catches it in a very acute form.
I have always wished that my computer would be as easy to use as my telephone. My wish has come true - I no longer know how to use my telephone.
I have a map of the United States. It's actual size. I spent last summer folding it. People ask me where I live, and I say, "E6".
I have an existential map. It has "You are here" written all over it.
I have a rock garden. Last week three of them died.
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches.
I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything. Every once in a while I turn it on and off. On and off. On and off. One day I got a call from a woman in France who said "Cut it out!"
I have a terrible headache, I was putting on toilet water and the lid fell.
I have a theory that it's impossible to prove anything, but I can't prove it.
I have a TINY BOWL in my HEAD
I have a very good DENTAL PLAN. Thank you.
I have a very small mind and must live with it.
I have a very strange feeling about this...
I have a VISION! It's a RANCID double-FISHWICH on an ENRICHED BUN!!
I have become me without my consent.
"I have come up with a sure-fire concept for a hit television show, which would be called `A Live Celebrity Gets Eaten by a Shark'."
I have defined the hundred per cent American as ninety-nine per cent an idiot.
I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable to sit still in a room.
I have discovered that there are two types of command interfaces in the world of computing: good interfaces and user interfaces. Daniel J. Bernstein (DJB) in http://cr.yp.to/qmail/guarantee.html
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
"I have examined Bogota," he said, "and the case is clearer to me. I think very probably he might be cured." "That is what I have always hoped," said old Yacob. "His brain is affected," said the blind doctor. The elders murmured assent. "Now, what affects it?" "Ah!" said old Yacob. "This," said the doctor, answering his own question. "Those queer things that are called the eyes, and which exist to make an agreeable soft depression in the face, are diseased, in the case of Bogota, in such a way as to affect his brain. They are greatly distended, he has eyelashes, and his eyelids move, and consequently his brain is in a state of constant irritation and distraction." "Yes?" said old Yacob. "Yes?" "And I think I may say with reasonable certainty that, in order to cure him completely, all that we need do is a simple and easy surgical operation -- namely, to remove those irritant bodies." "And then he will be sane?" "Then he will be perfectly sane, and a quite admirable citizen." "Thank heaven for science!" said old Yacob.
"I have five dollars for each of you."
I have found little that is good about human beings. In my experience most of them are trash.
I have gained this by philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.
I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
I have had my television aerials removed. It's the moral equivalent of a prostate operation.
I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
I have just had eighteen whiskeys in a row. I do believe that is a record.
"I have just one word for you, my boy...plastics."
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind.
I have learned To spell hors d'oeuvres Which still grates on Some people's n'oeuvres.
I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.
I have lots of things in my pockets; None of them is worth anything. Sociopolitical whines aside, Gan you give me, gratis, free, The price of half a gallon Of Gallo extra bad And most of the bus fare home.
I have made mistakes but I have never made the mistake of claiming that I have never made one.
I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter.
I have many CHARTS and DIAGRAMS..
I have more hit points than you can possibly imagine.
I have more humility in my little finger than you have in your whole BODY!
"I have more information in one place than anybody in the world."
I have never been one to sacrifice my appetite on the altar of appearance.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
I have never seen anything fill up a vacuum so fast and still suck. Steve Jobs said two years ago that X is brain-damaged and it will be gone in two years. He was half right. Dennis Ritchie is twice as bright as Steve Jobs, and only half wrong.
I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question.
I have never understood this liking for war. It panders to instincts already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic establishment.
I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.
I have no doubt the Devil grins, As seas of ink I spatter. Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins-- The other kind don't matter.
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
"I have not the slightest confidence in 'spiritual manifestations.'"
I have not yet begun to byte!
I have no use for people who have learned the limits of the possible.
I haven't been married in over six years, but we had sexual counseling every day from Oral Roberts!!
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
... I have read the INSTRUCTIONS ...
"I have recently been examining all the known superstitions of the world, and do not find in our particular superstition (Christianity) one redeeming feature. They are all alike founded on fables and mythology."
I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these Calculating Engines. I have also declined several offers of great personal advantage to myself. But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government of England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only commenced, I have received neither an acknowledgement of my labors, not even the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations... If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but I venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to declare the construction of such machinery impracticable... And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its advancement, which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abtruse calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country. In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not be economized by the aid of machinery.
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
I have seen the Great Pretender and he is not what he seems.
I have seen these EGG EXTENDERS in my Supermarket ... I have read the INSTRUCTIONS ...
I have stripped off my dress; must I put it on again? I have washed my feet; must I soil them again? When my beloved slipped his hand through the latch-hole, my bowels stirred within me [my bowels were moved for him (KJV)]. When I arose to open for my beloved, my hands dripped with myrrh; the liquid myrrh from my fingers ran over the knobs of the bolt. With my own hands I opened to my love, but my love had turned away and gone by; my heart sank when he turned his back. I sought him but I did not find him, I called him but he did not answer. The watchmen, going the rounds of the city, met me; they struck me and wounded me; the watchmen on the walls took away my cloak. [Song of Solomon 5:3-7 (NEB)]
I have that old biological urge, I have that old irresistible surge, I'm hungry.
I have the power to HALT PRODUCTION on all TEENAGE SEX COMEDIES!!
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
I have to admit that I drive past Bridgwater quite regularly. And fast.
I HAVE to buy a new "DODGE MISER" and two dozen JORDACHE JEANS because my viewscreen is "USER-FRIENDLY"!!
"I have to convince you, or at least snow you ..."
I have to say I cringed a little when I read it, because it helps reinforce the idea that there's a sort of Perl Hierarchy, or that there are Perl gods, or that "you must be this tall to ride". Randal and I are just normal ol' Perl hackers. We just spend a lot of time on Perl, and writing about it, and talking about it. The only reason we are Perl luminaries is that we are Perl luminaries. I'm not necessarily a better programmer, or have better ideas, or I'm a better debugger than anyone else. I just do it and make noise about it. Even though Joey's response was out of line, I admire his spirit of "I'm just going to go do it." TMTOWTDI is one of the cardinal rules of Perl. Similarly, over on the module-authors list, the perennial argument of "Maybe CPAN should have minimum requirements for posting modules" has raised its ugly head. Instead, I said what I always say during these arguments: "CPAN thrives BECAUSE of the unfettered uploading of shit, not in spite of it." So to it will be with Joey's website. Maybe it will be a dismal failure. Maybe it will become the Next Great Perl resource. However, I know that there is zero chance of Next Great Perl resource if he doesn't try. The only way you get home runs is by stepping up to the plate, and if you strike out, you're doing pretty good. Batting 3/10 is a great batting average, but in real life we find those odds terrifying. Personally, as much as I like the community around Perlmonks, I think it's a terrible site for new people, and is practically unsearchable. I'd love to see something leapfrog Perlmonks and become the Next Great Thing. That's why I stopped writing to use.perl.org, because I think it's a terrible news source. Instead, I started perlbuzz.com, and went with that. Yes, it's different, but that's OK. Let a thousand flowers bloom!
I have to think hard to name an interesting man who does not drink.
I have travelled the length and breadth of this country, and have talked with the best people in business administration. I can assure you on the highest authority that data processing is a fad and won't last out the year. publishers, responding to Karl V. Karlstrom (a junior editor who had recommended a manuscript on the new science of data processing), c. 1957
I have upgraded the plot device's hard-drive, soft-drive and squishy drive,and it is now being the world's most powerful super-computer! The Angry Scientist in "Sheep in the Big City"
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very interesting: a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell more than he knows.
I hear the sound that the machines make, and feel my heart break, just for a moment.
I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.
I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
"I honestly believe that the doctrine of hell was born in the glittering eyes of snakes that run in frightful coils watching for their prey. I believe it was born with the yelping, howling, growling and snarling of wild beasts... I despise it, I defy it, and I hate it."
I hope I bought the right relish ... zzzzzzzzz ...
I hope I'm not getting so famous that I can't think out load [sic] anymore.
I hope something GOOD came in the mail today so I have a REASON to live!!
I hope the ``Eurythmics'' practice birth control ...
I HOPE WE ARE NOT GOING TO HAVE ANY OF THIS 'FOUL FIEND' BUSINESS AGAIN. (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
I hope you millionaires are having fun! I just invested half your life savings in yeast!!
I hope you're not pretending to be evil while secretly being good. That would be dishonest.
I invented skydiving in 1989!
I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind. Alan Kay (Attributed)
I joined scientology at a garage sale!!
I judge a religion as being good or bad based on whether its adherents become better people as a result of practicing it.
I just asked myself... what would John DeLorean do?
I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke. I think I saw God.
I just forgot my whole philosophy of life!!!
I just got my PRINCE bumper sticker ... But now I can't remember WHO he is ...
I just got out of the hospital after a speed reading accident. I hit a bookmark.
I just had a NOSE JOB!!
I just had my entire INTESTINAL TRACT coated with TEFLON!
I just heard the SEVENTIES were over!! And I was just getting in touch with my LEISURE SUIT!!
I just know I'm a better manager when I have Joe DiMaggio in center field.
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
I just remembered something about a TOAD!
I just thought of something funny...your mother.
I just uploaded xtoolplaces-1.6. It fixes all bugs but one: It still coredumps instead of doing something useful. The upstream author's e-mail address bounces, Redhat doesn't provide it and I never used it.
"I just want to be a good engineer." speech at the 1988 AppleFest
I KAISER ROLL?! What good is a Kaiser Roll without a little COLE SLAW on the SIDE?
I keep hearing and reading this nice proverb *if it ain't broke, don't fix it*. The latest appearance was in response to [Shlomi Fish](http://community.livejournal.com/shlomif_tech/37969.html) suggesting that some Ancient Perl code should be replaced by Modern Perl code. I am not saying that every piece of code should be rewritten every 6 months, but in my understanding that sentence actually translates to *let's wait till it breaks and then panic*. I think people who say that sentence are afraid that the new version will break something. Sure, there is always a chance that a change introduces an error, but, if we are afraid to touch the code, what will happen when later on we encounter a case where it does not work? For example, if we need to use it in a new environment. Will we have the courage to change the code then? How much will it cost in money, time, and lost sleep? I think we have been trying to teach ourselves that we should have really good test coverage of our code and then we can easily refactor it and get rid of technical debt. So why do we keep hearing that sentence?
"I keep seeing spots in front of my eyes." "Did you ever see a doctor?" "No, just spots."
I kissed my first girl and smoked my first cigarette on the same day. I haven't had time for tobacco since.
I knew her before she was a virgin.
I knew I'd hate COBOL the moment I saw they'd used "perform" instead of "do".
I *knew* I had some reason for not logging you off... If I could just remember what it was.
I knew Leo G. Carrol Was over a barrel When Tarantula took to the hills. ["Lick it!"] And I really got hot When I saw Jeanette Scott Fight a triffid that spits poison and kills. Science fiction, double feature Doctor X will build a creature. See androids fighting Brad and Janet Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh At the late night, double feature, picture show.
I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better take one along that worked.
"I knew then (in 1970) that a 4-kbyte minicomputer would cost as much as a house. So I reasoned that after college, I'd have to live cheaply in an apartment and put all my money into owning a computer."
"I know about people who talk about suffering for the common good. It's never bloody them! When you hear a man shouting "Forward, brave comrades!" you'll see he's the one behind the bloody big rock and the one wearing the only really arrow-proof helmet!" (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
I Know A Joke!!
I know engineers. They love to change things.
I know how to do SPECIAL EFFECTS!!
I know if you been talkin' you done said just how surprised you wuz by the living dead. You wuz surprised that they could understand you words and never respond once to all the truth they heard. But don't you get square! There ain't no rule that says they got to care. They can always swear they're deaf, dumb and blind.
I know it all. I just can't remember it all at once.
I know it's weird, but it does make it easier to write poetry in perl. :-)
I *know* it's weird, but strict vars already comes very, very close to partitioning the crowd into those who can deal with local lexicals and those who can't.
I know not how I came into this, shall I call it a dying life or a living death?
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
I know on which side my bread is buttered.
"I know she's in there," said Verence, holding his crown in his hands in the famous Ai-Senor-Mexican-Bandits-Have-Raided-Our-Village position.
I know the answer! The answer lies within the heart of all mankind! The answer is twelve? I think I'm in the wrong building.
I know things about TROY DONAHUE that can't even be PRINTED!!
I know th'MAMBO!! I have a TWO-TONE CHEMISTRY SET!!
I know what "custody" [of the children] means. "Get even." That's all custody means. Get even with your old lady.
I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says, but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what it means.
I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.
I know you think you thought you knew what you thought I said, but I'm not sure you understood what you thought I meant.
I lately lost a preposition; It hid, I thought, beneath my chair And angrily I cried, "Perdition! Up from out of under there." Correctness is my vade mecum, And straggling phrases I abhor, And yet I wondered, "What should he come Up from out of under for?"
I lay my head on the railroad tracks, Waitin' for the double E. The railroad don't run no more. Poor poor pitiful me. [chorus] Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me. These young girls won't let me be, Lord have mercy on me! Woe is me! Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood, Well, I ain't naming names. But she really worked me over good, She was just like Jesse James. She really worked me over good, She was a credit to her gender. She put me through some changes, boy, Sort of like a Waring blender. [chorus] I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar, She asked me if I'd beat her. She took me back to the Hyatt House, I don't want to talk about it. [chorus]
Il brilgue: les toves libricilleux Se gyrent et frillant dans le guave, Enmimes sont les gougebosquex, Et le momerade horgrave. Es brilig war. Die schlichte Toven Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben; Und aller-mumsige Burggoven Dir mohmen Rath ausgraben.
I left my WALLET in the BATHROOM!!
Iles's Law: There is always an easier way to do it. When looking directly at the easy way, especially for long periods, you will not see it. Neither will Iles.
"I like the idea of democracy. You have to have someone everyone distrusts," said Brutha. "That way, everyone's happy."
I like the way ONLY their mouths move ... They look like DYING OYSTERS
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than our governments. Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them have it.
I LIKE TO THINK I AM A PICKER-UP OF UNCONSIDERED TRIFLES. Death grinned hopefully.
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
I like your game but we have to change the rules.
I like your SNOOPY POSTER!!
I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.
I'll be comfortable on the couch. Famous last words.
I'll be Grateful when they're Dead.
I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it.
I'll burn my books.
"I'll carry your books, I'll carry a tune, I'll carry on, carry over, carry forward, Cary Grant, cash & carry, Carry Me Back To Old Virginia, I'll even Hara Kari if you show me how, but I will *not* carry a gun."
Ill-chosen abstraction is particularly evident in the design of the ADA runtime system. The interface to the ADA runtime system is so opaque that it is impossible to model or predict its performance, making it effectively useless for real-time systems. -- Marc D. Donner and David H. Jameson.
I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd listen to it! “The Friends of Voltaire” https://quoteinvestigator.com/2015/06/01/defend-say/
I'll eat ANYTHING that's BRIGHT BLUE!!
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian. Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
Illegally parked cars will be towed at owner's expense.
I'll give you a definite maybe. -Samuel Goldwyn
I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
I'll grant thee random access to my heart, Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love; And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove And in our bound partition never part. Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain? Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes, A root or two, a torus and a node: The inverse of my verse, a null domain. I see the eigenvalue in thine eye, I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh. Bernoulli would have been content to die Had he but known such a-squared cos 2(thi)!
Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot -- it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.
Illiterate? Write today, for free help!
I'll learn to play the Saxophone, I play just what I feel. Drink Scotch whisky all night long, And die behind the wheel. They got a name for the winners in the world, I want a name when I lose. They call Alabama the Crimson Tide, Call me Deacon Blues.
I'll never get off this planet.
I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.
"I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob. That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood."
I'll say it again for the logic impaired.
I'll see you... on the dark side of the moon...
I'll show you MY telex number if you show me YOURS ...
"I'll tell you what I know, then," he decided. "The pin I'm wearing means I'm a member of the IA. That's Inamorati Anonymous. An inamorato is somebody in love. That's the worst addiction of all." "Somebody is about to fall in love," Oedipa said, "you go sit with them, or something?" "Right. The whole idea is to get where you don't need it. I was lucky. I kicked it young. But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming." "You hold meetings, then, like the AA?" "No, of course not. You get a phone number, an answering service you can call. Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case it gets so bad you can't handle it alone. We're isolates, Arnold. Meetings would destroy the whole point of it."
I'll turn over a new leaf.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
I look at life as being cruise director on the Titanic. I may not get there, but I'm going first class.
I love children. Especially when they cry -- for then someone takes them away.
I loved her with a love thirsty and desperate. I felt that we two might commit some act so atrocious that the world, seeing us, would find it irresistible.
I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas. A Chihuahua isn't a dog. It's a rat with a thyroid problem.
I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
I love ROCK 'N ROLL! I memorized all the WORDS to "WIPE-OUT" in 1965!!
"I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour! This is what entertainment is all about ... Idiots, explosives and falling anvils."
I love treason but hate a traitor.
I love you more than anything in this world. I don't expect that will last.
I love you, not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
"I'm a cat person, myself," she said, vaguely. A low-level voice said: "Yeah? Yeah? Wash in your own spit, do you?" (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments of others, and all positive assertion of my own. I even forbade myself the use of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion, such as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc. I adopted instead of them "I conceive", "I apprehend", or "I imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it appears to me at present". When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him immediately some absurdity in his proposition. In answering I began by observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right, but in the present case there appeared or seemed to me some difference, etc. I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly. The modest way in which I proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction. I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I happened to be in the right.
I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments of others, and all positive assertion of my own. I even forbade myself the use of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion, such as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc. I adopted instead of them "I conceive", "I apprehend", or "I imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it appears to me at present". When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him immediately some absurdity in his proposition. In answering I began by observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right, but in the present case there appeared or semed to me some difference, etc. I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly. The modest way in which I proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction. I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I happened to be in the right.
"I'm a doctor, not a mechanic." the idea of a doomsday machine. "I'm a doctor, not an escalator." Ellen up a steep incline. "I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer." "I'm a doctor, not an engineer." Engineering aboard the ISS Enterprise. "I'm a doctor, not a coalminer." "I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist." that Kirk talked strangely. "I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor." aging effects of the rogue comet near Gamma Hydra 4. "What am I, a doctor or a moonshuttle conductor?" physical exam to answer the alert.
I'm afraid my gut level reaction is basically, "'proceed' is cute, but cute doesn't cut it in the emergency room."
I'm a fuschia bowling ball somewhere in Brittany
I'm a GENIUS! I want to dispute sentence structure with SUSAN SONTAG!!
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.
Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer. It has a 150 MHz processor, 200 megabytes of RAM, 1500 megabytes of disk storage, a screen resolution of 4096 x 4096 pixels, relies entirely on voice recognition for input, fits in your shirt pocket and costs $300. What's the first question that the computer community asks? "Is it PC compatible?"
Imagine what we can imagine!
I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
"I maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience. And in addition, to whatever measure this term has any meaning, science has the additional virtue, and it is not an inconsiderable one, of being true. Vol. 12, Fall 87
I'm a Lesbian born in a man's body.
I'm a Lisp variable -- bind me!
I'm all for computer dating, but I wouldn't want one to marry my sister.
I'm also against BODY-SURFING!!
I'm also pre-POURED pre-MEDITATED and pre-RAPHAELITE!!
I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees. And I want to thank everyone for making this night necessary.
I'm always looking for a new idea that will be more productive than its cost.
"I'm a mean green mother from outer space"
I'm an artist. But it's not what I really want to do. What I really want to do is be a shoe salesman. I know what you're going to say -- "Dreamer! Get your head out of the clouds." All right! But it's what I want to do. Instead I have to go on painting all day long. The world should make a place for shoe salesmen.
> I'm an idiot.. At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find.. Disquieting ...
> I'm an idiot.. At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find.. Surely, Linus is talking about the kind of idiocy that others aspire to :-).
> I'm an idiot.. At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find.. We need to find some new terms to describe the rest of us mere mortals then.
I'm ANN LANDERS!! I can SHOPLIFT!!
I'm a nuclear submarine under the polar ice cap and I need a Kleenex!
I marvel at the strength of human weakness.
I'm a soldier, not a diplomat. I can only tell the truth.
"I may appear to be just sitting here like a bucket of tapioca, but don't let appearances fool you. I'm approaching old age ... at the speed of light."
I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!
"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid"
I may have invented it, but Bill made it famous keystroke, during panel discussion with Bill Gates at the 20-year celebration for the IBM PC.
"I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously."
I may not be able to walk, but I drive from a sitting position.
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent. Ashleigh Brilliant
Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
Imbesi's Law with Freeman's Extension: In order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty; but you can get everything dirty without getting anything clean.
I'm changing the CHANNEL ... But all I get is commercials for "RONCO MIRACLE BAMBOO STEAMERS"!
I'm continually AMAZED at th'breathtaking effects of WIND EROSION!!
I'm definitely not in Omaha!
I'm DESPONDENT ... I hope there's something DEEP-FRIED under this miniature DOMED STADIUM ...
I'm dressing up in an ill-fitting IVY-LEAGUE SUIT!! Too late...
"I'm dying," he croaked. "My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted . "You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized. "That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered. "The fire is going out," he bellowed. "Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused. "You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me. "You snake," she rattled. "Someone's at the door," she chimed. "Company's coming," she guessed. "Dawn came too soon," she mourned. "I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed. "I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed. "Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly. "Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely.
"I mean are we talking Thicko City here or what?" (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
I mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself, "Dijkstra would not have liked this", well that would be enough immortality for me.
I mean, I wouldn't pay more than a couple of quid to see me, and *I'm* me.
"I mean, like, I just read your article in the Yale law recipe, on search and seizure. Man, that was really Out There." "I was so WRECKED when I wrote that..."
I mean really, after the first 6143569056076952107294386875907695350 times maybe it was worthy of a chuckle, but to keep on modding up this joke suggests some form of psychosis. Wait, I'll put this in a way that you mods can understand: 1. go to slashdot 2. find a story 3. find a comment on that story 4. post a tired, old, lame-ass joke for the 9 billionth time 5. ??????? 6. GET MODDED UP! Ok, I followed the silly meme, where's my +5 Funny?
"I meant," said Iplsore bitterly, "what is there in this world that makes living worthwhile?" Death thought about it. "CATS," he said eventually, "CATS ARE NICE." (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
I mean, well, if it were not for Linux I might be roaming the streets looking for drugs or prostitutes or something. Hannu and Linus have my highest admiration (apple polishing mode off).
I'm EMOTIONAL now because I have MERCHANDISING CLOUT!!
I'm encased in the lining of a pure pork sausage!!
I'm enthralled by combine harvesters. In fact, I yearn to have one -- as a pet.
I met him in a swamp down in Dagobah Where it bubbles all the time like a giant carbonated soda S-O-D-A soda I saw the little runt sitting there on a log I asked him his name and in a raspy voice he said Yoda Y-O-D-A Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda Well I've been around but I ain't never seen A guy who looks like a Muppet but he's wrinkled and green Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda Well I'm not dumb but I can't understand How he can raise me in the air just by raising his hand Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda "Lola" by the Kinks
I met my latest girl friend in a department store. She was looking at clothes, and I was putting Slinkys on the escalators.
I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.
I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for life.
I'm getting a lot of mail and email about FoC (I particularly liked the postcard which read 'We were *sure* it was the wallpaper, you bastard!!!!!'). I'm glad to say that most Baconians hared off after poissons rouge.
I'm GLAD I remembered to XEROX all my UNDERSHIRTS!!
I'm glad I was not born before tea.
I'm glad we don't have to play in the shade. in the shade.
I'm gliding over a NUCLEAR WASTE DUMP near ATLANTA, Georgia!!
I'm going through my "I want to go back to New York" phase today. Happens every six months or so. So, I thought, perhaps unwisely, that I'd share it with you. > In New York in the winter it is million degrees below zero and the wind travels at a million miles an hour down 5th avenue. > And in LA it's 72. > In New York in the summer it is a million degrees and the humidity is a million percent. > And in LA it's 72. > In New York there are a million interesting people. > And in LA there are 72.
I'm going to Boston to see my doctor. He's a very sick man.
I'm going to do a routine now, the ones of you that have heard it before may enjoy hearing it again. The ones of you that have not heard it before - may enjoy hearing it again next time.
I'm going to give my psychoanalyst one more year, then I'm going to Lourdes.
I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House. President Johnson says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
"I'm growing older, but not up."
I'm having a BIG BANG THEORY!!
I'm having a MID-WEEK CRISIS!
I'm having an emotional outburst!!
I'm having an EMOTIONAL OUTBURST!! But, uh, WHY is there a WAFFLE in my PAJAMA POCKET??
I'm having a RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE ... and I don't take any DRUGS
I'm having a tax-deductible experience! I need an energy crunch!!
I'm having BEAUTIFUL THOUGHTS about the INSIPID WIVES of smug and wealthy CORPORATE LAWYERS ...
I'm having fun HITCHHIKING to CINCINNATI or FAR ROCKAWAY!!
I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.
I might be able to shoehorn a reference count in on top of the numeric value by disallowing multiple references on scalars with a numeric value, but it wouldn't be as clean. I do occasionally worry about that. --lwall
I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a congressman.
... I'm IMAGINING a sensuous GIRAFFE, CAVORTING in the BACK ROOM of a KOSHER DELI --
I'm in direct contact with many advanced fun CONCEPTS.
"I'm in Pittsburgh. Why am I here?"
I'm into SOFTWARE!
Imitation is the sincerest form of plagiarism.
"Imitation is the sincerest form of television."
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
I'm just as sad as sad can be! I've missed your special date. Please say that you're not mad at me My tax return is late.
i'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart.
Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.
Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.
Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
Immature poets imitate, mature poets steal.
"I'm mean and turf and I'm mean and turf and I'm mean and turf and I'm mean and turf, And me an' my friends can walk towards you with our hats on backwards in a menacing way, Yo!"
I'm meditating on the FORMALDEHYDE and the ASBESTOS leaking into my PERSONAL SPACE!!
I'm mentally OVERDRAWN! What's that SIGNPOST up ahead? Where's ROD STERLING when you really need him?
Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
Immortality consists largely of boredom.
Immutability, Three Rules of: (1) If a tarpaulin can flap, it will. (2) If a small boy can get dirty, he will. (3) If a teenager can go out, he will.
I'm N-ary the tree, I am, N-ary the tree, I am, I am. I'm getting traversed by the parser next door, She's traversed me seven times before. And ev'ry time it was an N-ary (N-ary!) Never wouldn't ever do a binary. (No sir!) I'm 'er eighth tree that was N-ary. N-ary the tree I am, I am, N-ary the tree I am.
I'm not afraid of death -- I just don't want to be there when it happens.
"I'm not afraid of dying, I just don't want to be there when it happens."
"I'm not a god, I was misquoted."
I'm not a level-headed person... -- Bruce Perens
I'm not an Iranian!! I voted for Dianne Feinstein!!
I'm not a real movie star -- I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
I'm not available for comment..
I'm not even going to *bother* comparing C to BASIC or FORTRAN.
"I'm not going to ride on a magic carpet!" he hissed. "I'm afraid of grounds." "You mean heights," said Conina. "And stop being silly." "I know what I mean! It's the grounds that kill you!"
I'm not going to say, "I told you so."
I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.
I'm not offering myself as an example; every life evolves by its own laws.
I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.
I'm not proud.
"I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!"
I'm not sure how much writing happened. You know, let's play E minor and A for an hour or two. Oh, that sounds all right, that'll take up five minutes.
I'm not sure whether that's actually useful...
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!
I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't that good.
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am. It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.
I'm often asked the question, "Do you think there is extraterrestrial intelli- gence?" I give the standard arguments -- there are a lot of places out there, and use the word *billions*, and so on. And then I say it would be astonishing to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as yet no compelling evidence for it. And then I'm asked, "Yeah, but what do you really think?" I say, "I just told you what I really think." "Yeah, but what's your gut feeling?" But I try not to think with my gut. Really, it's okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.
I'm often asked the question, "Do you think there is extraterrestrial intelli- gence?" I give the standard arguments -- there are a lot of places out there, and use the word *billions*, and so on. And then I say it would be astonishing to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as yet no compelling evidence for it. And then I'm asked, "Yeah, but what do you really think?" I say, "I just told you what I really think." "Yeah, but what's your gut feeling?" But I try not to think with my gut. Really, it's okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in. Vol. 12, Fall 87
Impartial, adj.: Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two conflicting opinions.
Impartiality Who understands does not preach; Who preaches does not understand. Reserve your judgments and words; Smooth differences and forgive disagreements; Dull your wit and simplify your purpose; Accept the world. Then, Friendship and enmity, Profit and loss, Honour and disgrace, Will not affect you; The world will accept you.
I'm personally quite happy with one stable release every two years, and am of the opinion that trying to release more will mean we'll have to rename the distro from "stable" to "wobbly".
**** IMPORTANT **** ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE **** Due to a recent systems overload error your recent disk files have been erased. Therefore, in accordance with the UNIX Basic Manual, University of Washington Geophysics Manual, and Bylaw 9(c), Section XII of the Revised Federal Communications Act, you are being granted Temporary Disk Space, valid for three months from this date, subject to the restrictions set forth in Appendix II of the Federal Communications Handbook (18th edition) as well as the references mentioned herein. You may apply for more disk space at any time. Disk usage in or above the eighth percentile will secure the removal of all restrictions and you will immediately receive your permanent disk space. Disk usage in the sixth or seventh percentile will not effect the validity of your temporary disk space, though its expiration date may be extended for a period of up to three months. A score in the fifth percentile or below will result in the withdrawal of your Temporary Disk space.
Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the mail. Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the Boss is reading it. Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I'm pretending I'm pulling in a TROUT! Am I doing it correctly??
I'm pretending that we're all watching PHIL SILVERS instead of RICARDO MONTALBAN!
I'm proud of my humility.
I'm proud to be paying taxes in the United States. The only thing is
I'm QUIETLY reading the latest issue of "BOWLING WORLD" while my wife and two children stand QUIETLY BY ...
I'm rated PG-34!!
"I'm really enjoying not talking to you ... Let's not talk again REAL soon ..."
I'm receiving a coded message from EUBIE BLAKE!!
I'm referred to, I see, as 'the biggest banker in modern publishing'. Now *there's* a line that needed the celebrated Guardian proof-reading.
I'm RELIGIOUS!! I love a man with a HAIRPIECE!! Equip me with MISSILES!!
I'm reporting for duty as a modern person. I want to do the Latin Hustle now!
"I'm returning this note to you, instead of your paper, because it (your paper) presently occupies the bottom of my bird cage."
I'm serious about thinking through all the possibilities before we settle on anything. All things have the advantages of their disadvantages, and vice versa.
I'm sexy, I'm cute, I'm popular to boot. I'm bitchin', great hair, the boys all love to stare! I'm wanted, I'm hot, I'm everything you're not. I'm pretty, I'm cool, I dominate this school. Who am I? Just guess. Guys wanna touch my chest. I'm rockin', I smile and many think I'm vile. I'm flying, I jump you can look but don't you hump. Whoo! I major, I roar. I swear I'm not a whore. We cheer and we lead - we act like we're on speed. You hate us cause we're beautiful but we don't like you either. We're cheerleaders. We are cheerleaders! Excerpt from "Bring it On"
I'm shaving!! I'M SHAVING!!
I'm sick of being trodden on! The Elder Gods say they can make me a man! All it costs is my soul! I'll do it, cuz NOW I'M MAD!!!
I'm sitting on my SPEED QUEEN ... To me, it's ENJOYABLE ... I'm WARM ... I'm VIBRATORY ...
I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.
I'm So Miserable Without You It's Almost Like Having You Here She Got the Gold Mine, I Got the Shaft When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care? I Don't Know Whether to Kill Myself or Go Bowling Drop Kick Me, Jesus, Through the Goal Posts of Life
I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.
I'm sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.
I'm sorry if the following sounds combative and excessively personal, but that's my general style. -- Ian Jackson
I'm starting to think the gene pool could use a little chlorine.
I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.
I'm successful because I'm lucky. The harder I work, the luckier I get.
I'm sure a mathematician would claim that 0 and 1 are both very interesting numbers. :-)
I'm sure that that could be indented more readably, but I'm scared of the awk parser.
I'm sure that VMS is completely documented, I just haven't found the right manual yet. I've been working my way through the manuals in the document library and I'm half way through the second cabinet, (3 shelves to go), so I should find what I'm looking for by mid May. I hope I can remember what it was by the time I find it. I had this idea for a new horror film, "VMS Manuals from Hell" or maybe "The Paper Chase : IBM vs. DEC". It's based on Hitchcock's "The Birds", except that it's centered around a programmer who is attacked by a swarm of binder pages with an index number and the single line "This page intentionally left blank."
I'm sure we can arrange an academic scholarship for Detritus. Troll cheerleaers would be nice: 'Two... four.... er.. many... lots'.
I'm telling you that the kernel is stable not because it's a kernel, but because I refuse to listen to arguments like this.
I'm the only person I know that's lost a quarter of a billion dollars in one year.... It's very character-building
I'm thinking about DIGITAL READ-OUT systems and computer-generated IMAGE FORMATIONS ...
I'm totally DESPONDENT over the LIBYAN situation and the price of CHICKEN ...
I'm using my X-RAY VISION to obtain a rare glimpse of the INNER WORKINGS of this POTATO!!
I must confess the the activities of the UK governments for the past couple of years have been watched with frank admiration and amazement by Lord Vetinari. Outright theft as a policy had never occured to him.
I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's; I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
I must dispute your view in the strongest terms possible. Internet Explorer is perfectly safe for everyday use. However, as there is no such thing as perfect security, you must take additional precautions to keep evil hackers away from your data. Apply these rules according to the sensitivity of your data, from least important to most: * Disconnect your computer from your local network. Download files on another computer, scan them for viruses, print them out, scan them into your Windows PC using OCR software, and then view the pages in IE. * Do the above, but have a priest onsite to bless each page individually before scanning it. This is an excellent deterrent against viruses with the word "demon" in the name. * Do the above, but encase your PC in acrylic and immerse it in a 10,000 gallon tank of holy water. Interact with it while wearing scuba gear. * Do the above, but put a lid on the tank and immerse it in the ocean. Interact with your PC via a submersible robot in the tank from from outside while wearing scuba gear. If you fail to follow these simple security guidelines, you can't blame Microsoft for the results.
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? -Benjamin Disraeli
I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts!
I MUST SAY THESE ARE VERY GOOD BISCUITS. HOW DO THEY GET THE BITS OF CHOCOLATE IN? (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
I'm very good at integral and differential calculus, I know the scientific names of beings animalculous; In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral, I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
"I'm vice-president of Throwing Out People Mr Dibbler Doesn't like the Face of."
I'm wearing PAMPERS!!
I'm wet! I'm wild!
"I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's lives."
I’m worser at superlatives. And I don’t ever use no double negatives.
I'm young ... I'm HEALTHY ... I can HIKE THRU CAPT GROGAN'S LUMBAR REGIONS!
I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres and planets. Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand feet for the base. And it has advantages. The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson sphere. We can spin it on its axis for gravity. A rotation speed of 770 m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal. We wouldn't even need to roof it over. Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the sun. Very little air will leak over the edges. Lord knows the thing is roomy enough. With three million times the surface area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the crowding.
I'm ZIPPY the PINHEAD and I'm totally committed to the festive mode.
In 1750 Isaac Newton became discouraged when he fell up a flight of stairs.
In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled waffles.
In 1880 the French captured Detroit but gave it back ... they couldn't get parts.
In 1914, the first crossword puzzle was printed in a newspaper. The creator received $4000 down ... and $3000 across.
In 1962, you could buy a pair of SHARKSKIN SLACKS, with a "Continental Belt," for $10.99!!
In 1967, the Soviet Government minted a beautiful silver ruble with Lenin in a very familiar pose -- arms raised above him, leading the country to revolution. But, it was clear to everybody, that if you looked at it from behind, it was clear that Lenin was pointing to 11:00, when the Vodka shops opened, and was actually saying, "Comrades, forward to the Vodka shops. It became fashionable, when one wanted to have a drink, to take out the ruble and say, "Oh my goodness, Comrades, Lenin tells me we should go.
In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.
In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves: the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.
Inaction The follower of knowledge learns as much as he can every day; The follower of the Way forgets as much as he can every day. By attrition he reaches a state of inaction Wherein he does nothing, but nothing remains undone. To conquer the world, accomplish nothing; If you must accomplish something, The world remains beyond conquest.
In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network anyway.
Inadmissible: Not competent to be considered. Said of certain kinds of testimony which juries are supposed to be unfit to be entrusted with, and which judges, therefore, rule out, even of proceedings before themselves alone. Hearsay evidence is inadmissible because the person quoted was unsworn and is not before the court for examination; yet most momentous actions, military, political, commercial and of every other kind, are daily undertaken on hearsay evidence. There is no religion in the world that has any other basis than hearsay evidence. Revelation is hearsay evidence; that the Scriptures are the word of God we have only the testimony of men long dead whose identity is not clearly established and who are not known to have been sworn in any sense. Under the rules of evidence as they now exist in this country, no single assertion in the Bible has in its support any evidence admissible in a court of law... But as records of courts of justice are admissible, it can easily be proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed and were a scourge to mankind. The evidence (including confession) upon which certain women were convicted of witchcraft and executed was without a flaw; it is still unimpeachable. The judges' decisions based on it were sound in logic and in law. Nothing in any existing court was ever more thoroughly proved than the charges of witchcraft and sorcery for which so many suffered death. If there were no witches, human testimony and human reason are alike destitute of value. --Ambrose Bierce
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language. Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.
In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, "Hi, Junior, what are you up to?" "I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes," said the rabbit. "Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible! No one will publish such rubbish!" "Well, follow me and I'll show you." They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face. Comes along a wolf. "Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?" "I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour wolves." "Are you crazy? Where's your academic honesty?" "Come with me and I'll show you." As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face and a diploma in his paw. Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody remnants of the wolf and the fox. The moral: It's not the contents of your thesis that are important -- it's your PhD advisor that really counts.
In Africa some of the native tribes have a custom of beating the ground with clubs and uttering spine chilling cries. Anthropologists call this a form of primitive self-expression. In America we call it golf.
In a gathering of two or more people, when a lighted cigarette is placed in an ashtray, the smoke will waft into the face of the non-smoker.
In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the other really likes.
In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence ... in time every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent to carry out its duties ... Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
In all, I've had seventeen demands for your badge. Some want parts of your body attached. Why did you have to upset everybody? (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an "In-Depth" Piece takes two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.
In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one of the risks he takes.
In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save.
In America today ... we have Woody Allen, whose humor has become so sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow. All those who think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the devil gets her pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up as a human sperm, please raise your hands. Thank you.
"I name you ... Esmeralda Margaret Note Spelling of Lancre!"
In a minimum-phase system there is an inextricable link between frequency response, phase response and transient response, as they are all merely transforms of one another. This combined with minimalization of open-loop errors in output amplifiers and correct compensation for non-linear passive crossover network loading can lead to a significant decrease in system resolution lost. However, this all means jack when you listen to Pink Floyd.
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus, "one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's beloved.
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods. They have not forgotten this.
In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.
* In anticipation of 2.10.02 release, updated to patchlevel +ircu2.10.01+.config6-7.config7-8.lgline3.iwho.limit.glibc.motdcache2. trace.whois1-2.config8-9.statsw.sprintf2-3.msgtree2.memleak1-2+. msgtree2-3.gline8-9.gline9-10.invite2.rbr.stats.numclients. whisper.whisper1-2.stats1-2.nokick1-2.chroot.config9-11.snomask7-8. limi+t1-3.userip1-3.userip3-4.config11-12.config12-13.umode2-3. akillsbt.who4-5.kn.kn1-2.freebsdcore2.msgtree3-5.y2k.glibc1-2. rmfunc.msgf+lags2.who5-6.nickchange2.glibc2-3.modeless3
* In anticipation of 2.10.02 release, updated to patchlevel +ircu2.10.01+.config6-7.config7-8.lgline3.iwho.limit.glibc.motdcache2. trace.whois1-2.config8-9.statsw.sprintf2-3.msgtree2.memleak1-2+. msgtree2-3.gline8-9.gline9-10.invite2.rbr.stats.numclients.whisper. whisper1-2.stats1-2.nokick1-2.chroot.config9-11.snomask7-8.limi+t1-3. userip1-3.userip3-4.config11-12.config12-13.umode2-3.akillsbt.who4-5. kn.kn1-2.freebsdcore2.msgtree3-5.y2k.glibc1-2.rmfunc.msgf+lags2. who5-6.nickchange2.glibc2-3.modeless3
In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks) are to be treated as variables.
In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work, the answer may be obtained by inspection.
In any world menu, Canada must be considered the vichyssoise of nations -- it's cold, half-French, and difficult to stir.
In arguing that current theories of brain function cast suspicion on ESP, psychokinesis, reincarnation, and so on, I am frequently challenged with the most popular of all neuro-mythologies -- the notion that we ordinarily use only 10 percent of our brains... This "cerebral spare tire" concept continues to nourish the clientele of "pop psychologists" and their many recycling self-improvement schemes. As a metaphor for the fact that few of us fully exploit our talents, who could deny it? As a refuge for occultists seeking a neural basis of the miraculous, it leaves much to be desired. Psi Phenomena", The Skeptical Enquirer, Vol. XII, No. 2, pg. 171
In a surprise raid last night, federal agents ransacked a house in search of a rebel computer hacker. However, they were unable to complete the arrest because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only person in the house was named don provan. Proving, once again, that Unix is superior to Tops10.
In a whiskey it's age, in a cigarette it's taste and in a sports car it's impossible.
In a widely anticipated move, Linux "headcase" Torvalds today announced the immediate availability of the most advanced Linux kernel to date, version 2.6.20. Before downloading the actual new kernel, most avid kernel hackers have been involved in a 2-hour pre-kernel-compilation count-down, with some even spending the preceding week doing typing exercises and reciting PI to a thousand decimal places. The half-time entertainment is provided by randomly inserted trivial syntax errors that nerds are expected to fix at home before completing the compile, but most people actually seem to mostly enjoy watching the compile warnings, sponsored by Anheuser-Busch, scroll past. As ICD head analyst Walter Dickweed put it: "Releasing a new kernel on Superbowl Sunday means that the important 'pasty white nerd' constituency finally has something to do while the rest of the country sits comatose in front of their 65" plasma screens". Walter was immediately attacked for his racist and insensitive remarks by Geeks without Borders representative Marilyn vos Savant, who pointed out that not all of their members are either pasty nor white. "Some of them even shower!" she added, claiming that the constant stereotyping hurts nerds' standing in society. Geeks outside the US were just confused about the whole issue, and were heard wondering what the big hoopla was all about. Some of the more culturally aware of them were heard snickering about balls that weren't even round.
"In a word -- im-possible!" "That's two words," said Dibbler.
In Blythe, California, a city ordinance declares that a person must own at least two cows before he can wear cowboy boots in public.
In Boston, it is illegal to hold frog-jumping contests in nightclubs.
inbox, n.: A catch basin for everything you don't want to deal with, but are afraid to throw away.
In Brooklyn, we had such great pennant races, it made the World Series just something that came later.
In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent teacher should know. "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig said, "up to the mathematicians."
In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make it into television shows.
In case it's not obvious, any solution to this problem that introduces a dependency on Java is profoundly uninteresting to me. In fact, my indifference to that could only be described as "sexual" in intensity.
In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.
In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools will be temporarily canceled.
In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
In case of injury notify your superior immediately. He'll kiss it and make it better.
incentive program, n.: The system of long and short-term rewards that a corporation uses to motivate its people. Still, despite all the experimentation with profit sharing, stock options, and the like, the most effective incentive program to date seems to be "Do a good job and you get to keep it."
In charity there is no excess.
"In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point."
Include me out.
In Columbia, Pennsylvania, it is against the law for a pilot to tickle a female flying student under her chin with a feather duster in order to get her attention.
In computing, the mean time to failure keeps getting shorter.
In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride in any motor vehicle.
"In corporate life, I think there are three important areas which contracts can't deal with, the area of conflict, the area of change and area of reaching potential. To me a covenant is a relationship that is based on such things as shared ideals and shared value systems and shared ideas and shared agreement as to the processes we are going to use for working together. In many cases they develop into real love relationships." Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
Increased knowledge will help you now. Have mate's phone bugged.
Incumbent, n.: Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents.
"Indecision is the basis of flexibility"
Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.
Indeed, the first noble truth of Buddhism, usually translated as `all life is suffering,' is more accurately rendered `life is filled with a sense of pervasive unsatisfactoriness.'
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door neighbor.
In Devon, Connecticut, it is unlawful to walk backwards after sunset.
index, n.: Alphabetical list of words of no possible interest where an alphabetical list of subjects with references ought to be.
Indiana is a state dedicated to basketball. Basketball, soybeans, hogs and basketball. Berkeley, needless to say, is not nearly as athletic. Berkeley is dedicated to coffee, angst, potholes and coffee.
... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat. It is not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?
Individualists unite!
Individuality My words are easy to understand And my actions are easy to perform Yet no other can understand or perform them. My words have meaning; my actions have reason; Yet these cannot be known and I cannot be known. We are each unique, and therefore valuable; Though the sage wears coarse clothes, his heart is jade.
[In 'Doctor' mode], I spent a good ten minutes telling Emacs what I thought of it. (The response was, 'Perhaps you could try to be less abusive.')
Indomitable in retreat; invincible in advance; insufferable in victory.
In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last resort of the scoundrel. With all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
Indulgence Straighten yourself and you will not stand steady; Display yourself and you will not be clearly seen; Justify yourself and you will not be respected; Promote yourself and you will not be believed; Pride yourself and you will not endure. These behaviours are wasteful, indulgent, And so they attract disfavour; Harmony avoids them.
In dwelling, be close to the land. In meditation, delve deep into the heart. In dealing with others, be gentle and kind. In speech, be true. In work, be competent. In action, be careful of your timing.
I need another lawyer like I need another hole in my head.
I needed the good will of the legislature of four states. I formed the legislative bodies with my own money. I found that it was cheaper that way.
I need to discuss BUY-BACK PROVISIONS with at least six studio SLEAZEBALLS!!
In English, every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our programming languages.
I never cheated an honest man, only rascals. They wanted something for nothing. I gave them nothing for something.
I never deny, I never contradict. I sometimes forget. Royal Family
I never did it that way before.
I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
I never killed a man that didn't deserve it.
"I never let my schooling get in the way of my education."
I never liked you, and I always will. -Samuel Goldwyn
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
I never made a mistake in my life. I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
I never met a man I didn't want to fight.
I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.
I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.
I never put on a pair of shoes until I've worn them five years.
I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers; what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.
I never saw a purple cow I never hope to see one But I can tell you anyhow I'd rather see than be one. I've never seen a purple cow I never hope to see one But from the milk we're getting now There certainly must be one Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow" I'm sorry now I wrote it But I can tell you anyhow I'll kill you if you quote it.
I never take work home with me; I always leave it in some bar along the way.
I never thought that I'd see the day where Netscape is free software and X11 is proprietary. We live in interesting times.
I never vote for anyone. I always vote against.
In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. Find the fun and snap! The job's a game. And every task you undertake, becomes a piece of cake, a lark, a spree; it's very clear to see.
In every non-trivial program there is at least one bug.
In fact.. based on this model of what the NSA is and isn't... many of the people reading this are members of the NSA... /. is afterall 'News for Nerds'. NSA MONDAY MORNING {at the coffee machine): NSA AGENT 1: Hey guys, did you check out slashdot over the weekend? AGENT 2: No, I was installing Mandrake 6.1 and I coulnd't get the darn ppp connection up.. AGENT 1: Well check it out... they're on to us.
In fact, I think Linus's [= Linus Torvalds'] cleverest and most consequential hack was not the construction of the Linux kernel itself, but rather his invention of the Linux development model. When I expressed this opinion in his presence once, he smiled and quietly repeated something he has often said: "I'm basically a very lazy person who likes to get credit for things other people actually do." Lazy like a fox. Or, as Robert Heinlein famously wrote of one of his characters, too lazy to fail. Eric Raymond, the "Cathedral and the Bazaar"
In fact, no gods anywhere play chess. They prefer simple, vicious games, where you Do Not Achieve Transcendence but Go Straight to Oblivion; a key to the understanding of all religion is that a god's idea of amusement is Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.
In fact, S. M. Simpson, eventually devised an efficient 24-point Fourier transform, which was a precursor to the Cooley-Tukey fast Fourier transform in 1965. The FFT made all of Simpson's efficient autocorrelation and spectrum programs instantly obsolete, on which he had worked half a lifetime.
In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of the cat, although in this case there were three determinate states the cat could be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious. (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
Infancy, n.: The period of our lives when, according to Wordsworth, "Heaven lies about us." The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
In fiction the recourse of the powerless is murder; in life the recourse of the powerless is petty theft.
"Infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man, and have at all times been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice."
Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down.
Information Center, n.: A room staffed by professional computer people whose job it is to tell you why you cannot have the information you require.
Information is the inverse of entropy.
Information Processing: What you call data processing when people are so disgusted with it they won't let it be discussed in their presence.
In general, if you think something isn't in Perl, try it out, because it usually is. :-)
In general, they do what you want, unless you want consistency.
In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Communist. Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew. Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist. Then they came for the Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant. Then they came for me -- and by that time no one was left to speak up.
In Ghat they believe in vampire watermelons, although folklore is silent about *what* they believe about vampire watermelons. Possibly they suck back.
Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations Sign on a cabin door of a Soviet Black Sea cruise liner: Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles! Associate the stringing apparata about the bosums and meet behind, flee then to the indifferent lifesaveringshippen obedicing the instructs of the vessel. On the door in a Belgrade hotel: Let us know about any unficiency as well as leaking on the service. Our utmost will improve it.
Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations Sign on a cathedral in Spain: It is forbidden to enter a woman, even a foreigner if dressed as a man. Above the enterance to a Cairo bar: Unaccompanied ladies not admitted unless with husband or similar. On a Bucharest elevator: The lift is being fixed for the next days. During that time we regret that you will be unbearable.
Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations Various signs in Poland: Right turn toward immediate outside. Go soothingly in the snow, as there lurk the ski demons. Five o'clock tea at all hours. In a men's washroom in Sidney: Shake excess water from hands, push button to start, rub hands rapidly under air outlet and wipe hands on front of shirt.
In God we trust; all else we walk through.
In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker know the truth of the matter about which he is to speak?
Ingrate, n.: A man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of indigestion.
In Greene, New York, it is illegal to eat peanuts and walk backwards on the sidewalks when a concert is on.
Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
In high school in Brooklyn I was the baseball manager, proud as I could be I chased baseballs, gathered thrown bats handed out the towels Eventually, I bought my own It was very important work but it was dark blue while for a small spastic kid, the official ones were green but I was a team member Nobody ever said anything When the team got to me about my blue jacket; their warm-up jackets the guys were my friends I didn't get one Yet it hurt me all year Only the regular team to wear that blue jacket got these jackets, and among all those green ones surely not a manager Even now, forty years after, I still recall that jacket and the memory goes on hurting.
In his book, Mr. DePree tells the story of how designer George Nelson urged that the company also take on Charles Eames in the late 1940s. Max's father, J. DePree, co-founder of the company with herman Miller in 1923, asked Mr. Nelson if he really wanted to share the limited opportunities of a then-small company with another designer. "George's response was something like this: 'Charles Eames is an unusual talent. He is very different from me. The company needs us both. I want very much to have Charles Eames share in whatever potential there is.'" Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
In Hollywood, all marriages are happy. It's trying to live together afterwards that causes the problems.
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
In India, "cold weather" is merely a conventional phrase and has come into use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
In Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love, they had five hundred years of democracy and peace -- and what did they produce? The cuckoo-clock.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
In just seven days, I can make you a man!
In "King Henry VI, Part II," Shakespeare has Dick Butcher suggest to his fellow anti-establishment rabble-rousers, "The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers." That action may be extreme but a similar sentiment was expressed by Thomas K. Connellan, president of The Management Group, Inc. Speaking to business executives in Chicago and quoted in Automotive News, Connellan attributed a measure of America's falling productivity to an excess of attorneys and accountants, and a dearth of production experts. Lawyers and accountants "do not make the economic pie any bigger; they only figure out how the pie gets divided. Neither profession provides any added value to product." According to Connellan, the highly productive Japanese society has 10 lawyers and 30 accountants per 100,000 population. The U.S. has 200 lawyers and 700 accountants. This suggests that "the U.S. proportion of pie-bakers and pie-dividers is way out of whack." Could Dick Butcher have been an efficiency expert?
ink, n.: A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic, and water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and promote intellectual crime.
In less than a century, computers will be making substantial progress on ... the overriding problem of war and peace.
In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your pocket.
In like a dimwit, out like a light.
In love, she who gives her portrait promises the original.
In Lowes Crossroads, Delaware, it is a violation of local law for any pilot or passenger to carry an ice cream cone in their pocket while either flying or waiting to board a plane.
In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they have obtained from books of travel.
"In matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved."
"In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current."
In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current.
In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.
In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
In Minnesota they ask why all football fields in Iowa have artificial turf. It's so the cheerleaders won't graze during the game.
In most countries selling harmful things like drugs is punishable. Then how come people can sell Microsoft software and go unpunished?
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
In my end is my beginning.
In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, it's modern architecture.
IN MY OPINION anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out becoming pure energy.
"In my opinion, Richard Stallman wouldn't recognise terrorism if it came up and bit him on his Internet."
In Nature there are neither rewards nor punishments, there are consequences.
In Newark the laundromats are open 24 hours a day!
Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one likes oneself.
innovate /IN no vait/ vb.: 1. To appropriate third-party technology through purchase, imitation, or theft and to integrate it into a de-facto, monopoly-position product. 2. To increase in size or complexity but not in utility; to reduce compatibility or interoperability. 3. To lock-out competitors or to lock-in users. 4. To charge more money; to increase prices or costs. 5. To acquire profits from investments in other companies but not from direct product or service sales. 6. To stifle or manipulate a free market; to extend monopoly powers into new markets. 7. To evade liability for wrong-doings; to get off. 8. To purchase legislation, legislators, legislatures, or chiefs of state. 9. To mediate all transactions in a global economy; to embezzle; to co-opt power (coup d'état). Cf. innovate, English usage (antonym).
innovate, v.: To annoy people.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Innovation has nothing to do with how many R&D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R&D. It's not about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it.
Innovation is hard to schedule.
inoculatte: To take coffee intravenously when you are running late.
In Ohio, if you ignore an orator on Decoration day to such an extent as to publicly play croquet or pitch horseshoes within one mile of the speaker's stand, you can be fined $25.00.
In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.
In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is; you're what's left.
In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.
In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
"In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe."
In order to succeed in any enterprise, one must be persistent and patient. Even if one has to run some risks, one must be brave and strong enough to meet and overcome vexing challenges to maintain a successful business in the long run. I cannot help saying that Americans lack this necessary challenging spirit today.
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
In Oz, never say "krizzle kroo" to a Woozy.
In Pierre Trudeau, Canada has finally produced a Prime Minister worthy of assassination.
In Pocataligo, Georgia, it is a violation for a woman over 200 pounds and attired in shorts to pilot or ride in an airplane.
In Pocatello, Idaho, a law passed in 1912 provided that "The carrying of concealed weapons is forbidden, unless same are exhibited to public view."
In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia, happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
"Inquiry is fatal to certainty."
In Reading [England] there is this thing called the IDR, short for "Inner Distribution Road", which is bureaucratese for "Big thing that cost a lot of money and relieves traffic problems, provided all your traffic wants to orbit the town centre permanently". It's a 2-3 lane dual carriageway that goes round the town centre. It has lots of roundabouts, an overhead section, a couple of spare motorway-like exits (that's British motorways -- y'know, the roundabout with the main road going under it), and a thing called the Watlington Street Gyratory, where you have to get in lane for your intended destination about three years and two corners before you get there *with no signposting*. I used to cycle along it every day to get to school, before I fell off at 35 mph. [Kids! Don't try this at home!] I know it well. I believe it is impossible to leave Reading heading west.
In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love you want the other person.
In recognizing AT&T Bell Laboratories for corporate innovation, for its invention of cellular mobile communications, IEEE President Russell C. Drew referred to the cellular telephone as a "basic necessity." How times have changed, one observer remarked: many in the room recalled the advent of direct dialing.
"In regards to Oral Roberts' claim that God told him that he would die unless he received $20 million by March, God's lawyers have stated that their client has not spoken with Roberts for several years. Off the record, God has stated that "If I had wanted to ice the little toad, I would have done it a long time ago."
In respect to lock-making, there can scarcely be such a thing as dishonesty of intention: the inventor produces a lock which he honestly thinks will possess such and such qualities; and he declares his belief to the world. If others differ from him in opinion concerning those qualities, it is open to them to say so; and the discussion, truthfully conducted, must lead to public advantage: the discussion stimulates curiosity, and curiosity stimu- lates invention. Nothing but a partial and limited view of the question could lead to the opinion that harm can result: if there be harm, it will be much more than counterbalanced by good." published around 1850.
In retrospect, Victor was always a little unclear about those next few minutes. That's the way it goes. The moments that change your life are the ones that happen suddenly, like the one where you die.
In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways. Our asymptotes no longer out of phase, We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
Insanity is the final defense ... It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.
In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they actually change their minds and you never hear that old view from them again. They really do it. It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are human and change is sometimes painful. But it happens every day. I cannot recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that is over six feet in length.
insecurity, n.: Finding out that you've mispronounced for years one of your favorite words. Realizing halfway through a joke that you're telling it to the person who told it to you.
In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.
In short, at least give the penguin a fair viewing. If you still don't like it, that's ok: that's why I'm boss. I simply know better than you do.
"In short, N is Richardian if, and only if, N is not Richardian."
Inside every sane person there’s a madman struggling to get out.
INSIDE, I have the same personality disorder as LUCY RICARDO!!
Inside, I'm already SOBBING!
"Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care what I say, I ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything you may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness. Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else may be required to insure any possible benefit for which you may be eligible after the destruction of your body, I ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to insure your receiving said benefit. I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony. Amen." Madrak, in _Creatures of Light and Darkness_, by Roger Zelazny
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
In Soviet Russia, every time you kill a kitten, god masturbates GyroTech on [a Slashdot comment](http://linux.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=195378&cid=16009070)
In space, no one can hear you fart.
In specially marked packages only.
In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.
Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.
Inspired by a true story.
In spite of everything, I still believe that people are good at heart.
Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
Instead, people would take pains to tell her that beauty was only skin-deep, as if a man ever fell for an attractive pair of kidneys.
In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
Insufficient facts always invite danger.
Insults are effective only where emotion is present.
intaxication: Euphoria at getting a tax refund, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with.
Integrity has no need for rules.
Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
Intel engineering seem to have misheard Intel marketing strategy. The phrase was "Divide and conquer" not "Divide and cock up"
Intellect annuls Fate. So far as a man thinks, he is free.
"Intelligence without character is a dangerous thing."
In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a moving automobile.
<Intention> "It's classic percolate-up economics, recognizing that money is like manure: It works best if you spread it around." <Knghtbrd> Intention: Carter's correlation: People with lots of either usually smell funny <Intention> Knghtbrd: You SO win.
Interchangeable parts won't.
Interestingly enough, since subroutine declarations can come anywhere, you wouldn't have to put BEGIN {} at the beginning, nor END {} at the end. Interesting, no? I wonder if Henry would like it. :-) --lwall
Interesting poll results reported in today's New York Post: people on the street in midtown Manhattan were asked whether they approved of the US invasion of Grenada. Fifty-three percent said yes; 39 percent said no; and 8 percent said "Gimme a quarter?"
"Interesting survey in the current Journal of Abnormal Psychology: New York City has a higher percentage of people you shouldn't make any sudden moves around than any other city in the world."
interest, n.: What borrowers pay, lenders receive, stockholders own, and burned out employees must feign.
Interfere? Of course we should interfere! Always do what you're best at, that's what I say.
interlard - vt., to intersperse; diversify
>>> Internal error in fortune program: >>> fnum=2987 n=45 flag=1 goose_level=-232323 >>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.
Interpreter, n.: One who enables two persons of different languages to understand each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
In the Beginning It was a nice day.
In the beginning, I was made. I didn't ask to be made. No one consulted with me or considered my feelings in this matter. But if it brought some passing fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way through life's mournful jungle, then so be it. - Marvin the Paranoid Android, From Douglas Adams' Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy Radio Scripts
In the beginning there was data. The data was without form and null, and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of IBM was moving over the face of the market. And DEC said, "Let there be registers"; and there were registers. And DEC saw that they carried; and DEC separated the data from the instructions. DEC called the data Stack, and the instructions they called Code. And there was evening and there was morning, one interrupt.
In the beginning there was nothing. And the Lord said "Let There Be Light!" And still there was nothing, but at least now you could see it.
In the Beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
In the beginning there was only one kind of Mathematician, created by the Great Mathamatical Spirit form the Book: the Topologist. And they grew to large numbers and prospered. One day they looked up in the heavens and desired to reach up as far as the eye could see. So they set out in building a Mathematical edifice that was to reach up as far as "up" went. Further and further up they went ... until one night the edifice collapsed under the weight of paradox. The following morning saw only rubble where there once was a huge structure reaching to the heavens. One by one, the Mathematicians climbed out from under the rubble. It was a miracle that nobody was killed; but when they began to speak to one another, SURPRISE of all surprises! they could not understand each other. They all spoke different languages. They all fought amongst themselves and each went about their own way. To this day the Topologists remain the original Mathematicians.
In the beginning was the Tao. The Tao gave birth to Space and Time. Therefore, Space and Time are the Yin and Yang of programming. Programmers that do not comprehend the Tao are always running out of time and space for their programs. Programmers that comprehend the Tao always have enough time and space to accomplish their goals. How could it be otherwise?
In the Big Inning
In the broad and final sense all institutions are educational in the sense that they operate to form the attitudes, dispositions, abilities and disabilities that constitute a concrete personality...Whether this educative process is carried on in a predominantly democratic or non- democratic way becomes, therefore, a question of transcendent importance not only for education itself but for its final effect upon all the interests and activities of a society that is committed to the democratic way of life.
In the course of reading Hadamard's "The Psychology of Invention in the Mathematical Field", I have come across evidence supporting a fact which we coffee achievers have long appreciated: no really creative, intelligent thought is possible without a good cup of coffee. On page 14, Hadamard is discussing Poincare's theory of fuchsian groups and fuchsian functions, which he describes as "... one of his greatest discoveries, the first which consecrated his glory ..." Hadamard refers to Poincare having had a "... sleepless night which initiated all that memorable work ..." and gives the following, very revealing quote: "One evening, contrary to my custom, I drank black coffee and could not sleep. Ideas rose in crowds; I felt them collide until pairs interlocked, so to speak, making a stable combination." Too bad drinking black coffee was contrary to his custom. Maybe he could really have amounted to something as a coffee achiever.
In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he sat hacking at the PDP-6. "What are you doing?", asked Minsky. "I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe." "Why is the net wired randomly?", inquired Minsky. "I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play". At this Minsky shut his eyes, and Sussman asked his teacher "Why do you close your eyes?" "So that the room will be empty." At that moment, Sussman was enlightened.
In the dimestores and bus stations People talk of situations Read books repeat quotations Draw conclusions on the wall.
In the early morning queue, With a listing in my hand. With a worry in my heart, There on terminal number 9, Waitin' here in CERAS-land. Pascal run all set to go. I'm a long way from sleep, But I'm waitin' in the queue, How I miss a good meal so. With this code that ever grows. In the early mornin' queue, Now the lobby chairs are soft, With no place to go. But that can't make the queue move fast. Hey, there it goes my friend, I've moved up one at last. Morning Rain" by G. Lightfoot
In the east there is a shark which is larger than all other fish. It changes into a bird whose winds are like clouds filling the sky. When this bird moves across the land, it brings a message from Corporate Headquarters. This message it drops into the midst of the programmers, like a seagull making its mark upon the beach. Then the bird mounts on the wind and, with the blue sky at its back, returns home. The novice programmer stares in wonder at the bird, for he understands it not. The average programmer dreads the coming of the bird, for he fears its message. The master programmer continues to work at his terminal, for he does not know that the bird has come and gone.
"In the event of a perceived failing of the project leadership #debian is empowered to take drastic and descisive action to correct the failing, including by not limited to expelling officials, apointing new officials and generally abusing power"
In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
"In the face of entropy and nothingness, you kind of have to pretend it's not there if you want to keep writing good code." -- Karl Lehenbauer
In the fetid fleapit of Rincewind's brain the projectionist of memory put on reel two. Recollection began to flicker.
"In the fight between you and the world, back the world."
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made school boards.
In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in the proper order then why can't he?
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals. You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.
In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
In the land of the dark the Ship of the Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
"In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble."
In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
In the long run we are all dead.
In the middle of a wide field is a pot of gold. 100 feet to the north stands a smart manager. 100 feet to the south stands a dumb manager. 100 feet to the east is the Easter Bunny, and 100 feet to the west is Santa Claus. Q: Who gets to the pot of gold first? A: The dumb manager. All the rest are myths.
In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not displeasing to us.
In the next world, you're on your own.
In the olden days in England, you could be hung for stealing a sheep or a loaf of bread. However, if a sheep stole a loaf of bread and gave it to you, you would only be tried for receiving, a crime punishable by forty lashes with the cat or the dog, whichever was handy. If you stole a dog and were caught, you were punished with twelve rabbit punches, although it was hard to find rabbits big enough or strong enough to punch you.
In the Old West a wagon train is crossing the plains. As night falls the wagon train forms a circle, and a campfire is lit in the middle. After everyone has gone to sleep two lone cavalry officers stand watch over the camp. After several hours of quiet, they hear war drums starting from a nearby Indian village they had passed during the day. The drums get louder and louder. Finally one soldier turns to the other and says, "I don't like the sound of those drums." Suddenly, they hear a cry come from the Indian camp: "IT'S NOT OUR REGULAR DRUMMER."
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is.
In the pitiful, multipage, connection-boxed form to which the flowchart has today been elaborated, it has proved to be useless as a design tool -- programmers draw flowcharts after, not before, writing the programs they describe.
In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and struggled and had lots of children. There was a Frenchman who talked funny and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the crunch he was all courage. Those novels would make you retch. novel.
In the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are prepared.
In the second scroll of Wen the Eternally Surprised a story is written concerning one day when the apprentice Clodpool, in a rebellious mood, approached Wen and spake thusly: "Master, what is the difference between a humanistic, monastic system of belief in which wisdom is sought by means of an apparently nonsensical system of questions and answers, and a lot of mystic gibberish made up on the spur of the moment?" Wen considered this for some time, and at last said: "A fish!" And Clodpool went away, satisfied.
In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles. Therefore ... in the Old Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long. ... There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesome returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
In the strict scientific sense we all feed on death -- even vegetarians.
In the war of wits, he's unarmed.
"In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely baroque feel to a continent. And they tell me it's not equatorial enough. Equatorial!" He gave a hollow laugh. "What does it matter? Science has achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than right any day." "And are you?" "No. That's where it all falls down, of course." "Pity," said Arthur with sympathy. "It sounded like quite a good life-style otherwise."
In this vale Of toil and sin Your head grows bald But not your chin.
In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
In this world some people are going to like me and some are not. So, I may as well be me. Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.
In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take my advice.
In those days, I thought, golly, there are zillions of bug tracking packages out there. Every programmer has written a dinky bug tracking package. Why would anyone buy ours? I knew one thing: programmers who start businesses often have the bad habit of thinking everybody else is a programmer just like them and wants the same stuff as them, and so they have an unhealthy tendency to start businesses that sell programming tools. That’s why you see so many scrawny companies hawking source-code-generating geegaws, error catching and emailing geegaws, debugging geegaws, syntax-coloring editing tchotchkes, ftping baubles, and, ahem, bug tracking packages. All kinds of stuff that only a programmer could love. I had no intention of falling into that trap! Of course, nothing ever works out exactly as planned. FogBUGZ was popular. Really popular. It accounts for a significant chunk of Fog Creek’s revenue and sales are growing steadily. The People won’t stop buying it.
... in three to eight years we will have a machine with the general intelligence of an average human being ... The machine will begin to educate itself with fantastic speed. In a few months it will be at genius level and a few months after that its powers will be incalculable ...
Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.
Into love and out again, Thus I went and thus I go. Spare your voice, and hold your pen: Well and bitterly I know All the songs were ever sung, All the words were ever said; Could it be, when I was young, Someone dropped me on my head?
intoxicated, adj.: When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.
Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor. INSTRUCTION SET Code Mnemonic What 0 NOP No Operation 1 JMP Jump (address specified by next 2 bits) Now Available for only 12 1/2 cents!
Intuition, however illogical, is recognized as a command prerogative.
In Tulsa, Oklahoma, it is against the law to open a soda bottle without the supervision of a licensed engineer.
In /users3 did Kubla Khan A stately pleasure dome decree, Where /bin, the sacred river ran Through Test Suites measureless to Man Down to a sunless C.
Invest in physics -- own a piece of Dirac!
In vino veritas. [In wine there is truth.]
Involvement with people is always a very delicate thing -- it requires real maturity to become involved and not get all messed up.
In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
In war, truth is the first casualty.
In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.
In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree But only if the NFL to a franchise would agree.
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan A stately pleasure dome decree: Where Alph, the sacred river, ran Through caverns measureless to man Down to a sunless sea. So twice five miles of fertile ground With walls and towers were girdled round: And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills, Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree; And here were forest ancient as the hills, Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
In yesterday's post (Bitten by the Enterprise Bug), we learned how vital enterprise application are for proactive organizations leveraging collective synergy to think outside the box and formulate their key objectives into a win-win game plan with a quality-driven approach that focuses on empowering key players to drive-up their core competencies and increase expectations with an all-around initiative to drive up the bottom-line. [
I object to intellect without discipline; I object to power without constructive purpose.
I often hear: "It is better in [insert newest version of Windows]." I have grown distrustful of this claim. ( https://thewml.github.io/amigojapan-site/Self_quotes.html )
I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation.
I/O, I/O, It's off to disk I go, A bit or byte to read or write, I/O, I/O, I/O...
I/O, I/O, It's off to disk I go, a bit or byte to read or write, I/O, I/O, I/O, I/O
I once absend-mindedly ordered Three Mile Island dressing in a restaurant and, with great presence of mind, they brought Thousand Island Dressing and a bottle of chili sauce.
I once absent-mindedly ordered Three Mile Island dressing in a restaurant and, with great presence of mind, they brought Thousand Island Dressing and a bottle of chili sauce
I once decorated my apartment entirely in ten foot salad forks!!
I once witnessed a long-winded, month-long flamewar over the use of mice vs. trackballs... It was very silly.
I only know what I read in the papers.
"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"
I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished words and an implicit sense of her departure. It's so curious: one can resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief. But then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
IOT trap -- core dumped
Iowans ask why Minnesotans don't drink more Kool-Aid. That's because they can't figure out how to get two quarts of water into one of those little paper envelopes.
Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
I owe, I owe, It's off to work I go...
I owe the government $3400 in taxes. So I sent them two hammers and a toilet seat.
I owe the public nothing.
I own seven-eighths of all the artists in downtown Burbank!
"I perceive a possibility of an immediate chronological sequence of events which includes a violence," said Three. He stepped back, "I express preference for a chronological sequence of events which precludes a violence."
I place economy among the first and most important virtues, and public debt as the greatest of dangers to be feared. To preserve our independence, we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt. If we run into such debts, we must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and in our comforts, in our labor and in our amusements. If we can prevent the government from wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they will be happy.
[I plan] to see, hear, touch, and destroy everything in my path, including beets, rutabagas, and most random vegetables, but excluding yams, as I am absolutely terrified of yams... Actually, I think my fear of yams began in my early youth, when many of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow. My psychosis was further impressed into my soul as I reached adolescence, when, while skipping through a field of yams, light-heartedly tossing flowers into the stratosphere, a great yam-picking machine tore through the fields, pursuing me to the edge of the great plantation, where I escaped by diving into a great ditch filled with a mixture of water and pig manure, which may explain my tendency to scream, "Here come the Martians! Hide the eggs!" every time I have pork. But I digress. The fact remains that I cannot rationally deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.
I played lead guitar in a band called The Federal Duck, which is the kind of name that was popular in the '60s as a result of controlled substances being in widespread use. Back then, there were no restrictions, in terms of talent, on who could make an album, so we made one, and it sounds like a group of people who have been given powerful but unfamiliar instruments as a therapy for a degenerative nerve disease.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. - Francis Bellamy, 1892
I poured spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.
I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!
"I prefer rogues to imbeciles, because they sometimes take a rest."
I prefer rogues to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
"I prefer the blunted cudgels of the followers of the Serpent God."
I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war. Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
"I prefer to think that God is not dead, just drunk"
I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
I program, therefore I am.
I put aside my copy of "BOWLING WORLD" and think about GUN CONTROL legislation...
I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes. They had little pictures of cats on them. Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.
I put instant coffee in a microwave and almost went back in time.
I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for: If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go crude. I'm a very technical boy. So I decided to get as crude as possible. These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire to crudeness.
I put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet Earth.
"I quite agree with you," said the Duchess; "and the moral of that is -- `Be what you would seem to be' -- or, if you'd like it put more simply -- `Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.'"
I read the newspaper avidly. It is my one form of continuous fiction.
I realize that command does have its fascination, even under circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command nor am I frightened of it. It simply exists, and I will do whatever logically needs to be done.
I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern. I realize that the whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile so we can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the plumber. But from time to time, I feel I must address major public issues such as this, because in a free and open society, where the very future of the world hinges on decisions made by our elected leaders, you never win large cash journalism awards if you stick to the topics I usually write about, such as nose-picking. Political Fallout"
I realize that today you have a number of top female athletes such as Martina Navratilova who can run like deer and bench-press Chevrolet trucks. But to be brutally frank, women as a group have a long way to go before they reach the level of intensity and dedication to sports that enables men to be such incredible jerks about it.
I really hate this damned machine I wish that they would sell it. It never does quite what I want But only what I tell it.
I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens who, reading newspapers, live and die in the belief that they have known something of what has been passing in their time.
I recall a conversation where I told that in the comics HelpDex, the protagonist has wondered whether God was a programmer and in what programming language he wrote the universe. Then she had a dream where she heard God saying "I will tell you in which language I wrote the universe: Object-Oriented [COBOL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COBOL)!" at which point the protagonist wakes up scared. Then, a different participant who had immigrated from the former Soviet Union said that he was reminded of a story he read in a Soviet science magazine, where God and his angels were technicians who kept changing the universe based on how humans perceived it. Then during the 20th century, they had to implement subatomic particles, black holes and more, and fondly recalled how they once took a giant world turtle, put four elephants on top, and called it a day
I recall a conversation where I told that in the comics HelpDex, the protagonist has wondered whether God was a programmer and in what programming language he wrote the universe. Then she had a dream where she heard God saying "I will tell you in which language I wrote the universe: Object-Oriented [COBOL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COBOL)!" at which point the protagonist wakes up scared. Then, a different participant who had immigrated from the former Soviet Union said that he was reminded of a story he read in a Soviet science magazine, where God and his angels were technicians who kept changing the universe based on how humans perceived it. Then during the 20th century, they had to implement [subatomic particles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subatomic_particle), [black holes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_hole) and more, and fondly recalled how they once took a [giant world turtle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_turtle), put four elephants on top, and called it a day
I reckon that Stonehege was build by the contemporary equivalent of Microsoft, whereas Avebury was definitely an Apple circle.
I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the reader. But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
I remember once being on a station platform in Cleveland at four in the morning. A black porter was carrying my bags, and as we were waiting for the train to come in, he said to me: "Excuse me, Mr. Cooke, I don't want to invade your privacy, but I have a bet with a friend of mine. Who composed the opening theme music of 'Omnibus'? My friend said Virgil Thomson." I asked him, "What do you say?" He replied, "I say Aaron Copeland." I said, "You're right." The porter said, "I knew Thomson doesn't write counterpoint that way." I told that to a network president, and he was deeply unimpressed.
I remember Ulysses well... Left one day for the post office to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar, and didn't come back for 20 years.
"I remember when I was a kid I used to come home from Sunday School and my mother would get drunk and try to make pancakes."
I remember when legal used to mean lawful, now it means some kind of loophole.
I represent a sardine!!
I request a weekend in Havana with Phil Silvers!
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all makes everything in New England, but the weather. I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere if they don't get it.
Iron Law of Distribution: Them that has, gets.
"Irrationality is the square root of all evil"
"Irrigation of the land with seawater desalinated by fusion power is ancient. It's called 'rain'."
[Isaac Newton falls off the tree] Cho-Cho: Did the fall hurt you? Newton: It wasn't the fall; it was the sudden stop at the end.
Is a computer language with gotos totally Wirth-less?
"I said I hope it is a good party," said Galder, loudly. "AT THE MOMENT IT IS," said Death levelly. "I THINK IT MIGHT GO DOWNHILL VERY QUICKLY AT MIDNIGHT." "Why?" "THAT'S WHEN THEY THINK I'LL BE TAKING MY MASK OFF."
"I said, "Preacher, give me strength for round 5." He said,"What you need is to grow up, son." I said,"Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and to me that don't sound like much fun."
I said SHUT UP! As in close your mouth and stop talking!
Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?
Is a tattoo real, like a curb or a battleship? Or are we suffering in Safeway?
I sat laughing snidely into my notebook until they showed me a PC running Linux.... And did this PC choke? Did it stutter? Did it, even once, say that this program has performed an illegal operation and must be shut down? No. And this is just on the client.
I sat laughing snidely into my notebook until they showed me a PC running Linux. And oh! It was as though the heavens opened and God handed down a client-side OS so beautiful, so graceful, and so elegant that a million Microsoft developers couldn't have invented it even if they had a hundred years and a thousand crates of Jolt cola.
I save about twenty drafts -- that's ten meg of disc space -- and the last one contains all the final alterations. Once it has been printed out and received by the publishers, there's a cry here of 'Tough shit, literary researchers of the future, try getting a proper job!' and the rest are wiped.
"I saw a film where there was an alien crawling around inside a spaceship's air ducts and it could come out wherever it liked," said Johnny reproachfully. "Doubtless it had a map," said the Captain.
I saw a man pursuing the Horizon, 'Round and round they sped. I was disturbed at this, I accosted the man, "It is futile," I said. "You can never--" "You lie!" He cried, and ran on.
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
"I saw _Lassie_. It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?"
I saw Lassie. It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?
I saw what you did and I know who you are.
"I say we take off; nuke the site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure."
Is death legally binding?
I see a bad moon rising. I see trouble on the way. I see earthquakes and lightnin' I see bad times today. Don't go 'round tonight, It's bound to take your life. There's a bad moon on the rise.
I see a good deal of talk from Washington about lowering taxes. I hope they do get 'em lowered down enough so people can afford to pay 'em.
"I see little divinity about them or you. You talk to me of Christianity when you are in the act of hanging your enemies. Was there ever such blasphemous nonsense!"
I see the eigenvalue in thine eye, I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh. Bernoulli would have been content to die Had he but known such a-squared cos 2(phi)!
... I see TOILET SEATS ...
I see where we are starting to pay some attention to our neigbors to the south. We could never understand why Mexico wasn't just crazy about us; for we have always had their good will, and oil and minerals, at heart.
I selected E5 ... but I didn't hear "Sam the Sham and the Pharoahs"!
I sent a letter to the fish, I said it very loud and clear, I told them, "This is what I wish." I went and shouted in his ear. The little fishes of the sea, But he was very stiff and proud, They sent an answer back to me. He said "You needn't shout so loud." The little fishes' answer was And he was very proud and stiff, "We cannot do it, sir, because..." He said "I'll go and wake them if..." I sent a letter back to say I took a kettle from the shelf, It would be better to obey. I went to wake them up myself. But someone came to me and said But when I found the door was locked "The little fishes are in bed." I pulled and pushed and kicked and knocked, I said to him, and I said it plain And when I found the door was shut, "Then you must wake them up again." I tried to turn the handle, But... "Is that all?" asked Alice. "That is all." said Humpty Dumpty. "Goodbye."
I sent a message to another time, But as the days unwind -- this I just can't believe, I sent a message to another plane, Maybe it's all a game -- but this I just can't conceive. ... I met someone who looks at lot like you, She does the things you do, but she is an IBM. She's only programmed to be very nice, But she's as cold as ice, whenever I get too near, She tells me that she likes me very much, But when I try to touch, she makes it all too clear. ... I realize that it must seem so strange, That time has rearranged, but time has the final word, She knows I think of you, she reads my mind, She tries to be unkind, she knows nothing of our world.
"I shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 A.M. tomorrow, or I'll have your guts for spaghetti."
I shall explain: *Monologue*: one person talking to himself ; *Dialogue*: like Monologue - two people talking to themselves.
I share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis pervading all spheres of Western industrial society can be remedied only by a change in our world view. We shall have to shift from the materialistic, dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a new consciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate nature and all of creation.
Is he the MAGIC INCA carrying a FROG on his shoulders?? Is the FROG his GUIDELIGHT?? It is curious that a DOG runs already on the ESCALATOR ...
I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck. On a clear day, U.C.L.A. There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
I shot a query into the net. I haven't got an answer yet, A posted message called me rotten But seven people gave me hell For ignoring mail I'd never gotten; And said I ought to learn to spell; An angry message asked me, Please Don't send such drivel overseas; A lawyer sent me private mail And swore he'd slap my ass in jail -- One netter thought it was a hoax: I'd mentioned Un*x in my gem "Hereafter, post to net dot jokes!"; And failed to add the T and M; Another called my grammar vile And criticized my writing style. Each day I scan each Subject line In hopes the topic will be mine; I shot a query into the net. I haven't got an answer yet...
"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..." Points in l'Amour"
I should have been a country-western singer. After all, I'm older than most western countries.
"I simply hate, detest, loathe, despise, and abhor redundancy." An Oscar Wilde quote, that quotes Oscar Wilde on his views on Redundancy in a quote.
I simply try to aid in letting the light of historical truth into that decaying mass of outworn thought which attaches the modern world to medieval conceptions of Christianity, and which still lingers among us -- a most serious barrier to religion and morals, and a menace to the whole normal evolution of society.
Is it 1974? What's for SUPPER? Can I spend my COLLEGE FUND in one wild afternoon??
Is it clean in other dimensions?
"Is it just me, or does anyone else read `bible humpers' every time someone writes `bible thumpers?'
Is it NOUVELLE CUISINE when 3 olives are struggling with a scallop in a plate of SAUCE MORNAY?
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
"Is it really you, Fuzz, or is it Memorex, or is it radiation sickness?"
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
Is knowledge knowable? If not, how do we know that?
I smell a RANCID CORN DOG!
I smell a wumpus.
I smell like a wet reducing clinic on Columbus Day!
: is not an identifier
Is not that the nature of men and women -- that the pleasure is in the learning of each other? Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky", stardate 5476.3.
Isn't air travel wonderful? Breakfast in London, dinner in New York, luggage in Brazil.
Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
Isn't it embarrassing when you have to go to the drugstore for some "special items", and when you're checking out, the cashier looks at you like, "oh, I know what YOU'RE doing tonight..." Yep, that cashier read all the signs... canned chicken soup, TheraFlu, Halls, NyQuil, the bigass bottles of OJ and grapefruit juice... he knew and I knew that I had a date with the teevee and a down comforter. Awww yeah.
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists?
Isn't it nice that people who prefer Los Angeles to San Francisco live there?
Isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?
Isn't this my STOP?!
ISO applications: A solution in search of a problem!
Isolde: Any museum has a certain Americana factor. But the Smithsonian… This is the one place you can find the very essence of America, distilled. Millie: Ooh.. do they let you drink it, and then take on mutant American superpowers, and then go around unilaterally dispensing frontier-style justice in the name of "Freedom"? Isolde: No, not usually. Millie: Museums would be a lot more fun if they'd actually *read* what I put in their suggestion boxes.
I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker Brothers -- they're going to make a game out of it.
I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
"Israel today announced that it is giving up. The Zionist state will dissolve in two weeks time, and its citizens will disperse to various resort communities around the world. Said Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, 'Who needs the aggravation?'"
Issawi's Laws of Progress: The Course of Progress: Most things get steadily worse. The Path of Progress: A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
Is something VIOLENT going to happen to a GARBAGE CAN?
I staggered into a Manchester bar late one night on a tour and the waitress said "You look as if you need a Screaming Orgasm". At the time this was the last thing on my mind...
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
I steal. Easy. I own Chicago. I own Miami. I own Las Vegas.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
"Is that *you*?" said a female voice. It wasn't exactly an unpleasant one, but it had a sharp penetrating quality. It seemed to be saying that if you *weren't* you, then it was *your* fault. Johnny recognized it instantly. It was the voice of someone who dialled the wrong numbers and then complained that the phone was answered by people she didn't want to speak to.
> Is there any hope for me? Am I just thick? Does anyone remember the > Rubiks Cube, it was easier! I found that the Rubiks cube and Linux are alike. Looks real confusing until you read the right book. :-)
Is there life before breakfast?
Is this an out-take from the "BRADY BUNCH"?
"Is this foreplay?" "No, this is Nuke Strike. Foreplay has lousy graphics. Beat me again."
Is this going to involve RAW human ecstasy?
Is this really happening?
Is this TERMINAL fun?
Is this the line for the latest whimsical YUGOSLAVIAN drama which also makes you want to CRY and reconsider the VIETNAM WAR?
I stick my neck out for nobody.
I still maintain the point that designing a monolithic kernel in 1991 is a fundamental error. Be thankful you are not my student. You would not get a high grade for such a design :-)
I stood on the leading edge, The eastern seaboard at my feet. "Jump!" said Yoko Ono I'm too scared and good-looking, I cried. Go on and give it a try, Why prolong the agony, all men must die.
I stopped a long time ago to try to find anything in the bug list of dpkg. We should run for an entry in the Guinness Book of Records.
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
I stroll along, talk, I sign books, people buy me drinks, I forget where my hotel is, I get lost and fall into some local body of water... done it hundreds of times. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
Is truth not truth for all? the Sky", stardate 5476.4.
I suggest a new strategy, Artoo: let the Wookie win.
I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do too much damage if it catches fire or explodes. First you decide which direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy. After much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot tub to face is up.
Is uniformity attainable? Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned; yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity. What has been the effect of coercion? To make one half of the world fools, and the other half hypocrites.
I suppose one could claim that an undocumented feature has no semantics. :-(
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which I happen to have in my top desk drawer. Some of the Tips for Better Driving are worth considering, to wit: [110.13]: "When traveling on a one-way street, stay to the right, so as not to interfere with oncoming traffic." [22.17b]: "Learning to change lanes takes time and patience. The best recommendation that can be made is to go to a Celtics [basketball] game; study the fast break and then go out and practice it on the highway." [41.16]: "Never bump a baby carriage out of a crosswalk unless the kid's really asking for it."
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which I happen to have in my top desk drawer. Some of the Tips for Better Driving are worth considering, to wit: [131.16d]: "Directional signals are generally not used except during vehicle inspection; however, a left-turn signal is appropriate when making a U-turn on a divided highway." [96.7b]: "When paying tolls, remember that it is necessary to release the quarter a full 3 seconds before passing the basket if you are traveling more than 60 MPH." [110.13]: "When traveling on a one-way street, stay to the right, so as not to interfere with oncoming traffic."
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which I happen to have in my top desk drawer. Some of the Tips for Better Driving are worth considering, to wit: [173.15b]: "When competing for a section of road or a parking space, remember that the vehicle in need of the most body work has the right-of-way." [141.2a]: "Although it is altogether possible to fit a 6' car into a 6' parking space, it is hardly ever possible to fit a 6' car into a 5' parking space." [105.31]: "Teenage drivers believe that they are immortal, and drive accordingly. Nevertheless, you should avoid the temptation to prove them wrong."
I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up. That's such a sad thought. I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.
"I suppose you expect me to talk." "No, Mr. Bond. I expect you to die."
I surely do hope that's a syntax error.
Is your job running? You'd better go catch it!
"It ain't over until it's over."
"It ain't so much the things we don't know that get us in trouble. It's the things we know that ain't so."
"I take Him shopping with me. I say, 'OK, Jesus, help me find a bargain'" --Tammy Faye Bakker
italic, adj: Slanted to the right to emphasize key phrases. Unique to Western alphabets; in Eastern languages, the same phrases are often slanted to the left.
It appears that after his death, Albert Einstein found himself working as the doorkeeper at the Pearly Gates. One slow day, he found that he had time to chat with the new entrants. To the first one he asked, "What's your IQ?" The new arrival replied, "190". They discussed Einstein's theory of relativity for hours. When the second new arrival came, Einstein once again inquired as to the newcomer's IQ. The answer this time came "120". To which Einstein replied, "Tell me, how did the Cubs do this year?" and they proceeded to talk for half an hour or so. To the final arrival, Einstein once again posed the question, "What's your IQ?". Upon receiving the answer "70", Einstein smiled and replied, "Got a minute to tell me about VMS 4.0?"
It appears that PL/I (and its dialects) is, or will be, the most widely used higher level language for systems programming.
It became apparent that one reason why the Ice Giants were known as the Ice Giants was because they were, well, giants. The other was that they were made of ice.
It [being a Vulcan] means to adopt a philosophy, a way of life which is logical and beneficial. We cannot disregard that philosophy merely for personal gain, no matter how important that gain might be.
It cannot be seen, cannot be felt, Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt. It lies behind stars and under hills, And empty holes it fills. It comes first and follows after, Ends life, kills laughter.
- "It could be a torture chamber or a dungeon or a hideous pit or anything!" - "It's just a student's bedroom, sergeant." - "You see?"
"It could be that Walter's horse has wings" does not imply that there is any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but "Walter's horse is a thing which could have wings" does imply Walter's horse's existence. But the conjunction "Walter's horse exists, and it could be that Walter's horse has wings" still does not imply "Walter's horse is a thing that could have wings", for perhaps it can only be that Walter's horse has wings by Walter having a different horse. Nor does "Walter's horse is a thing which could have wings" conversely imply "It could be that Walter's horse has wings"; for it might be that Walter's horse could only have wings by not being Walter's horse. I would deny, though, that the formula [Necessarily if some x has property P then some x has property P] expresses a logical law, since P(x) could stand for, let us say "x is a better logician than I am", and the statement "It is necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a better logician than I am" is false because there need not have been any me.
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.
It does not matter if you fall down as long as you pick up something from the floor while you get up.
It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've done and what you're going to do.
It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.
"It doesn't much signify whom one marries for one is sure to find out next morning it was someone else."
It don't mean a THING if you ain't got that SWING!!
I tell them to turn to the study of mathematics, for it is only there that they might escape the lusts of the flesh.
I tell ya, gambling never agreed with me. Last week I went to the track and they shot my horse with the opening gun. Well, just last week I was at a Chinese restaurant and when I opened my fortune cookie I found the guy's check sitting at the next table. I said, "Hey, buddy, I got your check", he said, "Thanks."
I tell ya, I was an ugly kid. I was so ugly that my dad kept the kid's picture that came with the wallet he bought.
"It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons, insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather than be the instrument of his army's downfall."
It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons, insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
It gets late early out there.
It gets worse. I have, before now, waited for a pen to perform a macro.
It got to the point where I had to get a haircut or both feet firmly planted in the air.
It had been in a pocket diary, and the names of the faraway places written on it were like magic -- Africa, Australia, China, Equator, Printed in Hong Kong, Iceland...
It hangs down from the chandelier Nobody knows quite what it does Its color is odd and its shape is weird It emits a high-sounding buzz It grows a couple of feet each day and wriggles with sort of a twitch Nobody bugs it 'cause it comes from a visiting uncle who's rich!
It happened long ago In the new magic land The Indians and the buffalo Existed hand in hand The Indians needed food They need skins for a roof They only took what they needed And the buffalo ran loose But then came the white man With his thick and empty head He couldn't see past his billfold He wanted all the buffalo dead It was sad, oh so sad.
It happened that a fire broke out backstage in a theater. The clown came out to inform the public. They thought it was just a jest and applauded. He repeated his warning, they shouted even louder. So I think the world will come to an end amid general applause from all the wits, who believe that it is a joke.
It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
It has been said [by Anatole France], "it is not by amusing oneself that one learns," and, in reply: "it is *only* by amusing oneself that one can learn."
It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends and getting people under the influence.
It has been suggested that root kits are the largest user community for this kind of access, but there are no forward compatibility guarantees for root kit authors. (http://lwn.net/Articles/147901)
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
It has long been an article of our folklore that too much knowledge or skill, or especially consummate expertise, is a bad thing. It dehumanizes those who achieve it, and makes difficult their commerce with just plain folks, in whom good old common sense has not been obliterated by mere book learning or fancy notions. This popular delusion flourishes now more than ever, for we are all infected with it in the schools, where educationists have elevated it from folklore to Article of Belief. It enhances their self-esteem and lightens their labors by providing theoretical justification for deciding that appreciation, or even simple awareness, is more to be prized than knowledge, and relating (to self and others), more than skill, in which minimum competence will be quite enough.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the manes of horses. The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.
It has long been known that one horse can run faster than another -- but which one? Differences are crucial.
It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of indulgence for infanticide. A question of interest, my dear Sir! The jury is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim of infanticide.
I: The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin with a silk sow. The same is true of money. II: If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would probably be twice as good as yesterday was. III: There are no lazy veteran lion hunters. IV: If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to. V: One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output. Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average output.
> I thing you're missing the capability of Makefiles. It takes several _hours_ to do `make' a second time on my machine with the latest glibc sources (and no files are recompiled a second time). I think I'll remove `build' after changing one file if I want to recompile it.
I think $[ is more like a coelacanth than a mastadon.
I think a relationship is like a shark. It has to constantly move forward or it dies. Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
"I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell's ass." Falwell's suggestion that all good Christians should be against Sandra Day O'Connor's nomination to the Supreme Court
I think for the most part that the readership here uses the c-word in a similar fashion. I don't think anybody really believes in a new, revolution- ary literature --- I think they use `cyberpunk' as a term of convenience to discuss the common stylistic elements in a small subset of recent sf books.
I think I am an overnight sensation right now!!
... I think I'd better go back to my DESK and toy with a few common MISAPPREHENSIONS ...
I think I'll KILL myself by leaping out of this 14th STORY WINDOW while reading ERICA JONG'S poetry!!
I think I'm schizophrenic. One half of me's paranoid and the other half's out to get him.
I think irc isn't going to work though---we're running out of topic space!
I think... I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check.
"I think it is true for all n. I was just playing it safe with n >= 3 because I couldn't remember the proof."
I think it's a little fantastic to try to form a picture in people's minds of the Debian archive administration team huddled over their terminals, their faces lit only by a CRT with a little root shell prompt and the command "/project/org/ftp.debian.org/cabal/s3kr1t/nuke-non-free.pl" all keyed in and ready to go, their fingers poised over the enter key, a sweat of lustful anticipated beading on their upper lips." <20031104211846.GK13131@deadbeast.net> discussing his draft Social Contract amendment
I think it's a new feature. Don't tell anyone it was an accident. :-)
I think it's time to remove Qt and Qt-derived applications from the distribution. By distributing it, we only encourage authors to create restrictive licenses.
I think I would like to go into modelling. Of course, I don't know how to do it, and wouldn't be any good at it if I did, so I'm going to employ someone to walk the catwalks on my behalf. It would still be *me*, of course... (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
I THINK MAN INVENTED THE CAR by instinct.
"I think Michael is like litmus paper - he's always trying to learn."
I think my career is ruined!
I think perhaps the most important problem is that we are trying to understand the fundamental workings of the universe via a language devised for telling one another when the best fruit is.
I think that all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that ordinary decent people are fed up in this country with being sick and tired. I'm certainly not. But I'm sick and tired of being told that I am.
I think that I shall never hear A poem lovelier than beer. The stuff that Joe's Bar has on tap, With golden base and snowy cap. The stuff that I can drink all day Until my mem'ry melts away. Poems are made by fools, I fear But only Schlitz can make a beer.
I think that I shall never see A billboard lovely as a tree. Indeed, unless the billboards fall I'll never see a tree at all.
I think that I shall never see A thing as lovely as a tree. But as you see the trees have gone They went this morning with the dawn. A logging firm from out of town Came and chopped the trees all down. But I will trick those dirty skunks And write a brand new poem called 'Trunks'.
"I think that most debian developers are rather "strong willed" people with a great degree of understanding and a high level of passion for what they perceive as important in development of the debian system."
I think that's easier to read. Pardon me. Less difficult to read.
I think that sick people in Ankh-Morpork generally go to a vet. It's generally a better bet. There's more pressure on a vet to get it right. People say "it was god's will" when granny dies, but they get *angry* when they lose a cow.
I think, therefore I am... I think.
- "I think there may be one or two steps in your logic that I have failed to grasp, Mister Stibbons," said the Archchancellor coldly. "I suppose you're not intending to shoot your own grandfather, by any chance?" - "Of course not!" snapped Ponder, "I don't even know what he looked like. He died before I was born." - "Ah-*hah*!" (Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent)
I think there's a world market for about five computers. IBM), 1943 ; https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Thomas_J._Watson
I THINK THERE SHOULD BE SOMETHING in science called the "reindeer effect." I don't know what it would be, but I think it'd be good to hear someone say, "Gentlemen, what we have here is a terrifying example of the reindeer effect."
"I think the sky is blue because it's a shift from black through purple to blue, and it has to do with where the light is. You know, the farther we get into darkness, and there's a shifting of color of light into the blueness, and I think as you go farther and farther away from the reflected light we have from the sun or the light that's bouncing off this earth, uh, the darker it gets ... I think if you look at the color scale, you start at black, move it through purple, move it on out, it's the shifting of color. We mentioned before about the stars singing, and that's one of the effects of the shifting of colors."
I think the world is run by C students.
"I think they're going to take all this money that we spend now on war and death --" "And make them spend it on life." stardate unknown.
I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for paneling.
I think this is the idea behind dual core: 1 core belongs to microsoft, 1 core for you. comment](http://yro.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=244291&cid=19718695) No. All your core are belong to us. response](http://yro.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=244291&cid=19722737).
I think, to most people, scripting is a lot like obscenity. I can't define it, but I'll know it when I see it. Here are some common memes floating around: <<< Simple language "Everything is a string" Rapid prototyping Glue language Process control Compact/concise Worse-is-better Domain specific "Batteries included" >>> …I don't see any real center here, at least in terms of technology. If I had to pick one metaphor, it'd be easy onramps. And a slow lane. Maybe even with some optional fast lanes.
"I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my lifetime."
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
I think we're in trouble.
I think you didn't get a reply because you used the terms "correct" and "proper", neither of which has much meaning in Perl culture. :-)
I think you'll find that the [Windows] Desktop Search is completely inseparable from the desktop and that the latter would be rendered completely useless if it is uninstalled. Just like IE is. speaker of the truth in
I think you're letting your knowledge of internals interfere with your linguistic judgement here.
I think your opinions are reasonable, except for the one about my mental instability.
"I thought it was going to be bucket-of-water time myself." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
"I thought jet planes were just trucks with more wings and less wheels."
I thought my people would grow tired of killing. But you were right, they see it is easier than trading. And it has its pleasures. I feel it myself. Like the hunt, but with richer rewards.
- "I thought swords had to be straight." - "Perhaps they start out straight and go bendy with use. A lot of things do." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
"I thought that you said you were 20 years old!" "As a programmer, yes," she replied, "And you claimed to be very near two meters tall!" "You said you were blonde, but you lied!" Oh, she was a hacker and he was one, too, They had so much in common, you'd say. They exchanged jokes and poems, and clever new hacks, And prompts that were cute or risque'. He sent her a picture of his brother Sam, She sent one from some past high school day, And it might have gone on for the rest of their lives, If they hadn't met in L.A. "Your beard is an armpit," she said in disgust. He answered, "Your armpit's a beard!" And they chorused: "I think I could stand all the rest If you were not so totally weird!" If she had not said what he wanted to hear, And he had not done just the same, They'd have been far more honest, and never have met, And would not have had fun with the game. Electronic Mail"
I thought there was something fishy about the butler. Probably a Pisces, working for scale.
I thought using loops was cheating so I programmed my own samples. Then I thought using samples was cheating so I recorded real drums. I then thought that programming it was cheating so I learnt to play drums for real. I then thought using bought drums was cheating so I learnt to make my own. I then thought that using pre-made skins was cheating so I killed a goat and skinned it. I then thought that that was cheating too, so I grew my own goat from a baby goat. I also think that is cheating but I'm not sure where to go from here. I haven't made any music lately, what with the goat farming and all. using sample packs?" ( https://is.gd/FbsfS6 )
I thought YOU silenced the guard!
"I thought you were trying to get into shape." "I am. The shape I've selected is a triangle."
It is a fact that although the Death of the Discworld is, in his own words, an ANTHROPOMORPHIC PERSONIFICATION, he long ago gave up using the traditional skeletal horses, because of the bother of having to stop all the time to wire bits back on.
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program. What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
It is against the law for a monster to enter the corporate limits of Urbana, Illinois.
It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens, to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
It is a human characteristic to love little animals, especially if they're attractive in some way.
It is a lesson which all history teaches wise men, to put trust in ideas, and not in circumstances.
It is all right to hold a conversation, but you should let go of it now and then.
It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
"It is an established fact that 99.83% conversations on block chain are non-consentual" -Cory Doctorow, "The Internet Con"
It is an important and popular fact that things are not always what they seem. For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much -- the wheel, New York, wars and so on -- whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man -- for precisely the same reasons. Curiously enough, the dolphins had long known of the impending destruction of the of the planet Earth and had made many attempts to alert mankind to the danger; but most of their communications were misinterpreted ...
It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
(It is an old Debian tradition to leave at least twice a year ...)
It is a period of system war. User programs, striking from a hidden directory, have won their first victory against the evil Administrative Empire. During the battle, User spies managed to steal secret source code to the Empire's ultimate program: the Are-Em Star, a privileged root program with enough power to destroy an entire file structure. Pursued by the Empire's sinister audit trail, Princess _LPA0 races ~ aboard her shell script, custodian of the stolen listings that could save her people, and restore freedom and games to the network...
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate the habit of thinking about what we are doing. The precise opposite is the case. Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them. Operations of thought are like cavalry charges in battle -- they are strictly limited in number, they require fresh horses, and must only be made at decisive moments.
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years.
It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but it is also very memorable. I vividly recall the night we decided how to organize the actual writing of external specifications for OS/360. The manager of architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and I were threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities. The architecture manager had 10 good men. He asserted that they could write the specifications and do it right. It would take ten months, three more than the schedule allowed. The control program manager had 150 men. He asserted that they could prepare the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating; it would be well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule. Furthermore, if the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling their thumbs for ten months. To this the architecture manager responded that if I gave the control program team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time, but would also be three months late, and of much lower quality. I did, and it was. He was right on both counts. Moreover, the lack of conceptual integrity made the system far more costly to build and change, and I would estimate that it added a year to debugging time.
It is a well known fact that warriors and wizards do not get along, because one side considers the other side to be a collection of bloodthirsty idiots who can't walk and think at the same time, while the other side is naturally suspicious of a body of men who mumble a lot and wear long dresses. Oh, say the wizards, if we're going to be like that, then, what about all those studded collars and oiled muscles down at the Young Men's Pagan Association? To which the heroes reply, that's a pretty good allegation from a bunch of wimpsoes who won't go near a woman on account, can you believe it, of their mystical power being sort of drained out. Right, say the wizards, that just about does it, you and your leather posing pouches. Oh yeah, say the heroes, why don't you ...
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
"It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it."
It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it.
It is better never to have been born. But who among us has such luck? One in a million, perhaps.
It is better to be bow-legged than no-legged.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.
It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.
"It is better to have tried and failed than to have failed to try, but the result's the same."
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
It is better to live rich than to die rich.
It is better to never have tried anything than to have tried something and failed.
It is better to remain childless than to father an orphan.
It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.
It is better to wear chains than to believe you are free, and weight yourself down with invisible chains.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
It is contrary to reasoning to say that there is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is lightly greased.
It is easier to be a "humanitarian" than to render your own country its proper due; it is easier to be a "patriot" than to make your community a better place to live in; it is easier to be a "civic leader" than to treat your own family with loving understanding; for the smaller the focus of attention, the harder the task.
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
"It is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them."
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
"It is easier to port a shell than a shell script."
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all. In other words... their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their superficial design flaws. of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation.
It is easy to find fault, if one has that disposition. There was once a man who, not being able to find any other fault with his coal, complained that there were too many prehistoric toads in it.
It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
It is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those Dionysian stirrings arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself completely. . . .Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son, man.
It is enough to make one sympathize with a tyrant for the determination of his courtiers to deceive him for their own personal ends...
It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he holds back one who is hastening. Rather one should befriend the guest who is there, but speed him when he wishes. [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to scheduling.]
It is exactly because a man cannot do a thing that he is a proper judge of it.
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
It is Fortune, not Wisdom, that rules man's life.
It is fruitless: to become lachrymose over precipitately departed lactate fluid. to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated canine with innovative maneuvers.
It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people.
"It is hard to overstate the debt that we owe to men and women of genius."
It is illegal to drive more than two thousand sheep down Hollywood Boulevard at one time.
It is illegal to say "Oh, Boy" in Jonesboro, Georgia.
It is imperative when flying coach that you restrain any tendency toward the vividly imaginative. For although it may momentarily appear to be the case, it is not at all likely that the cabin is entirely inhabited by crying babies smoking inexpensive domestic cigars.
It is important to note that probably no large operating system using current design technology can withstand a determined and well-coordinated attack, and that most such documented penetrations have been remarkably easy. System", Operating Systems Review, Vol. 14, No. 1, June 1980, pp. 7-20
It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
It is impossible to defend perfectly against the attack of those who want to die.
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
It is inconceivable that a judicious observer from another solar system would see in our species -- which has tended to be cruel, destructive, wasteful, and irrational -- the crown and apex of cosmic evolution. Viewing us as the culmination of *anything* is grotesque; viewing us as a transitional species makes more sense -- and gives us more hope. Free Inquiry magazine, Vol. 8, No. 1
It is indeed desirable to be well descended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
It is like saying that for the cause of peace, God and the Devil will have a high-level meeting.
It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six.
It is Mr. Mellon's credo that $200,000,000 can do no wrong. Our offense consists in doubting it.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.
It is my job in life to travel all roads, so that some may take the road less travelled, and others the road more travelled, and all have a pleasant day.
It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles.
It is necessary to have purpose.
It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.
It is not best to swap horses while crossing the river.
It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do, that makes life blessed.
It is not enough that I should succeed. Others must fail. [Also attributed to David Merrick. Ed.] It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail. [Great minds think alike? Ed.]
It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well.
It is not enough to have great qualities, we should also have the management of them.
It is not every question that deserves an answer.
It is not for me to attempt to fathom the inscrutable workings of Providence.
It is not good for a man to be without knowledge, and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
It is not that polar co-ordinates are complicated, it is simply that cartesian co-ordinates are simpler than they have a right to be.
It is not the critic who counts, or how the strong man stumbled, or whether the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again; who knows the great enthusiasm, the great devotion, and who spends himself in a worthy cause, and if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that he'll never be with those cold and timid souls who never know either victory or defeat.
It is not well to be thought of as one who meekly submits to insolence and intimidation.
It is now 10 p.m. Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
It is no wonder that people are so horrible when they start life as children.
It is now pitch dark. If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
It isn't an optical illusion. It just looks like one.
It isn't easy being a Friday kind of person in a Monday kind of world.
It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old. However, it's a pretty small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands computers.
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.
It is, of course, written in Perl. Translation to C is left as an exercise for the reader. :-) -- Larry Wall in <7448@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
It is often the case that the man who can't tell a lie thinks he is the best judge of one.
It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live at all. And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result is the only thing that makes the result come true.
It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity.
It is only the great men who are truly obscene. If they had not dared to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
It is only with the heart one can see clearly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost anything in any language}. However, the fact that it is possible to push a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible way of getting it there. Each of these techniques of language extension should be used in its proper place.
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
It is ridiculous to call this an industry. This is not. This is rat eat rat, dog eat dog. I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they kill me. You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
It is right that he too should have his little chronicle, his memories, his reason, and be able to recognize the good in the bad, the bad in the worst, and so grow gently old all down the unchanging days and die one day like any other day, only shorter.
...It is sad to find him belaboring the science community for its united opposition to ignorant creationists who want teachers and textbooks to give equal time to crank arguments that have advanced not a step beyond the flyblown rhetoric of Bishop Wilberforce and William Jennings Bryan. The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 128-131
It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate in all times and situations. They presented him the words: "And this, too, shall pass away."
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as high as the eagle?
It is said that whosoever the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad. In fact, whosoever the gods wish to destroy, they first hand the equivalent of a stick with a fizzing fuse and Acme Dynamite Company written on the side. It's more interesting, and doesn't take so long.
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life. Terry Pratchett (1948-2015)
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do. To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts. Every man is tasked to make his life, even in its details, worthy of the contemplation of his most elevated and critical hour.
It is so soon that I am done for, I wonder what I was begun for.
It is so stupid of modern civilisation to have given up believing in the devil when he is the only explanation of it.
It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown-up.
It is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions.
It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion.
It is Texas law that when two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing, each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed until the other has gone.
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
"It is the creationists who blasphemously are claiming that God is cheating us in a stupid way."
It is the fate of all banisters worth sliding down that there is something nasty waiting at the far end.
It is the nature of extreme self-lovers, as they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their eggs.
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
It is the theory which decides what can be observed.
It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
It is through symbols that man consciously or unconsciously lives, works and has his being.
It is traditional, when loading wire trolleys, to put the most fragile items at the bottom.
It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity. But it takes Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.
It is undignified for a woman to play servant to a man who is not hers.
It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.
It is very difficult to prophesy, especially when it pertains to the future.
It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist. It produces a false impression.
It is well known that a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done.
It is well known that *things* from undesirable universes are always seeking an entrance into this one, which is the psychic equivalent of handy for the buses and closer to the shops.
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone to believe anything upon insufficient evidence.
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
It is your destiny.
It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods to Grandmother's condo.
It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.
It'll be just like Beggars' Canyon back home.
It looked like something resembling white marble, which was probably what it was: something resembling white marble.
It looked like the sort of book described in library catalogues as "slightly foxed", although it would be more honest to admit that it looked as though it had beed badgered, wolved and possibly beared as well. (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.
It looks like it's up to me to save our skins. Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
- "It looks worse than you can imagine!" - "I can imagine some pretty bad things!" - "That's why I said *worse*!"
IT MAKES ME MAD when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish." Sure they eat fish if that's all you give them! Man, wise up.
It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose.
It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too good either if you speak when your head is empty.
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better still to be a live lion. And usually easier.
It may be possible to get this condition from within Perl if a signal handler runs at just the wrong moment. Another point for Chip... :-)
"It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God but to create him." -Arthur C. Clarke
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It may look like I'm just sitting here doing nothing, but I'm really actively waiting for all my problems to go away.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
It might be worth reflecting that this group was originally created back in September of 1987 and has exchanged over 1200 messages. The original announcement for the group called for an all inclusive discussion ranging from the writings of Gibson and Vinge and movies like Bladerunner to real world things like Brands' description of the work being done at the MIT Media Lab. It was meant as a haven for people with vision of this scope. If you want to create a haven for people with narrower visions, feel free. But I feel sad for anyone who thinks that alt.cyberpunk is such a monstrous group that it is in dire need of being subdivided. Heaven help them if they ever start reading comp.arch or rec.arts.sf-lovers.
"It might help if we ran the MBA's out of Washington."
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new ones.
It must have been some unmarried fool that said "A child can ask questions that a wise man cannot answer"; because, in any decent house, a brat that starts asking questions is promptly packed off to bed.
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.
I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own." One of them said, "So will you."
I took a course in speed reading and was able to read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It's about Russia.
I took a fish head to the movies and I didn't have to pay.
"I took the sweet life but I never knew I'd be bitter from the sweet"
It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of one's life and then come round.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and they'll come out for it. Harry Cohn
I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of the quest.
I tried the clone syscall on me, but it didn't work.
(I tried to get some documentation out of Digital on this, but as far as I can tell even _they_ don't have it ;-)
I tripped over a hole that was sticking up out of the ground.
I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast and drown myself in the noise.
"It runs like x, where x is something unsavory"
I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
It's a .88 magnum -- it goes through schools.
It's a bird.. It's a plane.. No, it's KernelMan, faster than a speeding bullet, to your rescue. Doing new kernel versions in under 5 seconds flat..
It's a brave man who, when things are at their darkest, can kick back and party!
"It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underwear."
"It's a god-eat-god world."
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
It's all magic. :-)
It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
It's a lot of fun being alive ... I wonder if my bed is made?!?
It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.
It's always darkest just before the lights go out.
It's always sad when the fleas leave, because that means your dog is dead.
It's amazing how many people you could be friends with if only they'd make the first approach.
It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.
It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.
It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
It's a metaphor of human bloody existence, a dragon. And if that wasn't bad enough, it's also a bloody great hot flying thing. (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
It's a naive, domestic operating system without any breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.
It's an interesting fact that fewer than 17 % of Real cats end their lives with the same name they started with. Much family effort goes into selecting one at the start ("She looks like a Winnifred to *me*"), and the as the years roll by it suddenly finds itself being called Meepo or Ratbag.
It's an old magical principle -- it's even filtered down into RPG systems for example. No doubt a wizard spends a little time each day charging up his staff, although you go blind if you do it too much, of course.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
It's appositival, if it's there. And it doesn't have to be there. And it's really obvious that it's there when it's there.
It's a recession when your neighbour loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours.
It's a sad and terrible thing that high-born folk really have thought that the servants would be totally fooled if spirits were put into decanters that were cunningly labelled *backwards*. And also throughout history the more politically conscious butler has taken it on trust, and with rather more justification, that his employers will not notice if the whisky is topped up with eniru.
It's as BAD as you think, and they ARE out to get you.
It's a small step for a man, but a giant leap for nomekind.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
"It's a step forward although there was no progress." President Hosni Murbarak of Egypt attempting to put the best face on a disappointing summit meeting between President Clinton and the Syrian dictator Hafez Assad.
"It's a summons." "What's a summons?" "It means summon's in trouble."
It's a very *UN*lucky week in which to be took dead.
"It says he made us all to be just like him. So if we're dumb, then god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side."
It's bad enough that life is a rat-race, but why do the rats always have to win?
It's been a business doing pleasure with you.
It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
It's better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all.
It's better to burn out than it is to rust.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
It’s better to have loved and lost than to never have lost at all.
It's certainly easy to calculate the average attendance for Perl conferences.
It's clever, but is it art?
It's computer hardware, of course it's worth having <g>
It's currently a problem of access to gigabits through punybaud.
"It's curtains for you, Mighty Mouse! This gun is so futuristic that even *I* don't know how it works!"
It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
It's documented in The Book, somewhere...
"It's easier said than done." ... and if you don't believe it, try proving that it's easier done than said, and you'll see that "it's easier said that `it's easier done than said' than it is done", which really proves that "it's easier said than done".
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being right.
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
It's easy to get on the internet and forget you have a life
It's easy to solve the halting problem with a shotgun. :-)
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
It seems a little silly now, but this country was founded as a protest against taxation.
It seems intuitively obvious to me, which means that it might be wrong.
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level language named "research student".
It seems there's this magician working one of the luxury cruise ships for a few years. He doesn't have to change his routines much as the audiences change over fairly often, and he's got a good life. The only problem is the ship's parrot, who perches in the hall and watches him night after night, year after year. Finally, the parrot figures out how almost every trick works and starts giving it away for the audience. For example, when the magician makes a bouquet of flowers disappear, the parrot squawks "Behind his back! Behind his back!" Well, the magician is really annoyed at this, but there's not much he can do about it as the parrot is a ship's mascot and very popular with the passengers. One night, the ship strikes some floating debris, and sinks without a trace. Almost everyone aboard was lost, except for the magician and the parrot. For three days and nights they just drift, with the magician clinging to one end of a piece of driftwood and the parrot perched on the other end. As the sun rises on the morning of the fourth day, the parrot walks over to the magician's end of the log. With obvious disgust in his voice, he snaps "OK, you win, I give up. Where did you hide the ship?"
It seems these two guys, George and Harry, set out in a Hot Air balloon to cross the United States. After forty hours in the air, George turned to Harry, and said, "Harry, I think we've drifted off course! We need to find out where we are." Harry cools the air in the balloon, and they descend to below the cloud cover. Slowly drifting over the countryside, George spots a man standing below them and yells out, "Excuse me! Can you please tell me where we are?" The man on the ground yells back, "You're in a balloon, approximately fifty feet in the air!" George turns to Harry and says, "Well, that man *must* be a lawyer". Replies Harry, "How can you tell?". "Because the information he gave us is 100% accurate, and totally useless!" That's the end of The Joke, but for you people who are still worried about George and Harry: they end up in the drink, and make the front page of the New York Times: "Balloonists Soaked by Lawyer".
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It's fabulous! We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community.
"Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community." - Oscar Wilde
It's faster horses, Younger women, Older whiskey and More money.
It's from Casablanca. I've been waiting all my life to use that line.
It's getting harder and harder to think out loud. One of these days someone's gonna go off and kill Thomas a'Becket for me...
It's getting uncommonly easy to kill people in large numbers, and the first thing a principle does -- if it really is a principle -- is to kill somebody.
It's God. No, not Richard Stallman, or Linus Torvalds, but God.
"It's going to look pretty good, then, isn't it," said War testily, "the One Horseman and Three Pedestrians of the Apocralypse." unexpected difficulties (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
It's gonna be alright, It's almost midnight, And I've got two more bottles of wine.
"It's got three keyboards and a hundred extra knobs, including twelve with '?' on them." (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
It's grad exam time... COMPUTER SCIENCE Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system. Prove that these fixes are bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the new system. (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.) MATHEMATICS If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1. GENERAL KNOWLEDGE Describe the Universe. Give three examples.
It's grad exam time... MEDICINE You have been provided with a razor blade, a piece of gauze, and a bottle of Scotch. Remove your appendix. Do not suture until your work has been inspected. (You have 15 minutes.) HISTORY Describe the history of the papacy from its origins to the present day, concentrating especially, but not exclusively, on its social, political, economic, religious and philosophical impact upon Europe, Asia, America, and Africa. Be brief, concise, and specific. BIOLOGY Create life. Estimate the differences in subsequent human culture if this form of life had been created 500 million years ago or earlier, with special attention to its probable effect on the English parliamentary system.
It's great to be smart 'cause then you know stuff.
It shall be unlawful for any suspicious person to be within the municipality.
It's hard not to like a man of many qualities, even if most of them are bad.
It's hard to argue that God hated Oklahoma. If He didn't, why is it so close to Texas?
It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
"It's hard to believe that something which is neither seen nor felt can do so much harm." "That's true. But an idea can't be seen or felt. And that's what kept the Troglytes in the mines all these centuries. A mistaken idea."
It's hard to drive at the limit, but it's harder to know where the limits are.
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It's hard to keep your shirt on when you're getting something off your chest.
It's hard to think of you as the end result of millions of years of evolution.
It's hard to tune heavily tuned code. :-)
It's illegal in Wilbur, Washington, to ride an ugly horse.
It's important that people know what you stand for. It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.
"It's in process": So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.
It's interesting to think that many quite distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.
It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is. If you don't, it's its. Then too, it's hers. It isn't her's. It isn't our's either. It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
It's just a jump to the left And then a step to the right. Put your hands on your hips And pull your knees in tight. It's the pelvic thrust That really gets you insa-a-a-a-ane LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
It's just apartment house rules, So all you 'partment house fools Remember: one man's ceiling is another man's floor. One man's ceiling is another man's floor.
"It's kind of fun to do the impossible."
It's later than you think.
It's later than you think, the joint Russian-American space mission has already begun.
It's like deja vu all over again.
"It's like deja vu all over again." -- Yogi Berra
It's Like This Even the samurai have teddy bears, and even the teddy bears get drunk.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
It's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy.
It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
It's more than magnificent-it's mediocre. -Samuel Goldwyn
It's multiple choice time... What is FORTRAN? a: Between thre and fiv tran. b: What two computers engage in before they interface. c: Ridiculous.
"It's my cookie file and if I come up with something that's lame and I like it, it goes in."
Its name is Public Opinion. It is held in reverence. It settles everything. Some think it is the voice of God.
It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
It's no longer a question of staying healthy. It's a question of finding a sickness you like.
It's no surprise that things are so screwed up: everyone that knows how to run a government is either driving taxicabs or cutting hair.
"It's no sweat, Henry. Russ made it back to Bugtown before he died. So he'll regenerate in a couple of days. It's just awful sloppy of him to get killed in the first place. Humph!"
It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
It's not? Are you saying that you SHOULD allow people (other than William Wallace) to shoot lightning bolts from their arse?
<<< <<< It's not because they have suddenly converted to Stallmanism. >>> Anyone else misread that as "Stalinism"? >>> The word "Stalinism" is deprecated, the correct term is "GNU/Communism".
It's not Brits who think American readers are a bunch of whinging morons with the geo-social understanding of a wire coathanger, it's *American* editors. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either.
It's not easy, being green.
It's not enough to be able to pick up a sword. You have to know which end to poke into the enemy.
It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
"It's not just a computer -- it's your ass."
It's not reality or how you perceive things that's important -- it's what you're taking for it...
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
It's not really a rule--it's more like a trend.
It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off the ground.
It's not that I'm afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing.
It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
It's not usually cost effective time wise to go do it. But if something's really pissing you off, you just go find the code and fix it and that's really cool.
It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
It’s not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren’t doing it.
It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.
It's NO USE ... I've gone to "CLUB MED"!!
It's now the GNU Emacs of all terminal emulators. emulator
It's OBVIOUS ... The FURS never reached ISTANBUL ... You were an EXTRA in the REMAKE of "TOPKAPI" ... Go home to your WIFE ... She's making FRENCH TOAST!
It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages "You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
It's OKAY -- I'm an INTELLECTUAL, too.
It's one of those rare "perfect" kernels. So if it doesn't happen to compile with your config (or it does compile, but then does unspeakable acts of perversion with your pet dachshund), you can rest easy knowing that it's all your own d*mn fault, and you should just fix your evil ways. You could send me and the kernel mailing list a note about it anyway, of course. (And perhaps pictures, if your dachshund is involved. Not that we'd be interested, of course. No. Just so that we'd know to avoid it next time). Linus Torvalds announcing the 2.6.19 Linux kernel. [Email message](http://lwn.net/Articles/211904/)
It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
It's possible that I'm just an idiot, and don't recognize a sleepy slavemaster when I see one.
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed.
It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...
It's rare that you see an artist in his 30s or 40s able to really contribute something amazing.
It's really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them.
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough, society will take full responsibility for you.
It's recently come to Fortune's attention that scientists have stopped using laboratory rats in favor of attorneys. Seems that there are not only more of them, but you don't get so emotionally attached. The only difficulty is that it's sometimes difficult to apply the experimental results to humans. [Also, there are some things even a rat won't do. Ed.]
It's simply unbelievable how much energy and creativity people have invested into creating contradictory, bogus and stupid licenses...
It's simply unbelievable how much energy and creativity people have invested into creating contradictory, bogus and stupid licenses... --- Sven Rudolph about licences in debian/non-free.
It's so beautifully arranged on the plate -- you know someone's fingers have been all over it.
It's so confusing choosing sides in the heat of the moment, just to see if it's real, Oooh, it's so erotic having you tell me how it should feel, But I'm avoiding all the hard cold facts that I got to face, So ask me just one question when this magic night is through, Could it have been just anyone or did it have to be you?
> (It's sorta like sed, but not. It's sorta like awk, but not. etc.) Guilty as charged. Perl is happily ugly, and happily derivative.
It’s still magic even if you know how it’s done.
It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
"It's ten o'clock... Do you know where your AI programs are?" -- Peter Oakley
It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?
"It's the best thing since professional golfers on 'ludes."
It's the kind of movie where you would expect The Rock to slide on skateboard, along moving chopper rotors, to pick up a girl that is dodging a lion on a flag pole at the 200th floor of a building that is currently collapsing.
It's the Magic that counts.
It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon. Which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
It's there as a sop to former Ada programmers. :-)
It's the RINSE CYCLE!! They've ALL IGNORED the RINSE CYCLE!!
It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer... boy gets another beer.
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
...it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
It's time to boot, do your boot ROMs know where your disk controllers are?
"It's today!" said Piglet. "My favorite day," said Pooh.
It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're madly in love, drunk, or running for office.
It's very glamorous to raise millions of dollars, until it's time for the venture capitalist to suck your eyeballs out.
It's very inconvenient to be mortal -- you never know when everything may suddenly stop happening.
"It's what you learn after you know it all that counts."
"It's when they say 2 + 2 = 5 that I begin to argue."
It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
"It takes all sorts of in & out-door schooling to get adapted to my kind of fooling"
It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.
It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
It takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear.
It took 300 years to build and by the time it was 10% built, everyone knew it would be a total disaster. But by then the investment was so big they felt compelled to go on. Since its completion, it has cost a fortune to maintain and is still in danger of collapsing. There are at present no plans to replace it, since it was never really needed in the first place. I expect every installation has its own pet software which is analogous to the above.
It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces. One soldier found a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army officers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the system. From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very sharp, probably not someone here on campus. Georgia Tech's campus newspaper after the Internet worm.
I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out. The weatherman said "I don't understand it. I was supposed to be 80 degrees today," and I said "Oops." In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above... so I never have to go upstairs. I just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening in front of it in only eight minutes.
"I turn on my television set. I see a young lady who goes under the guise of being a Christian, known all over the nation, dressed in skin-tight leather pants, shaking and wiggling her hips to the beat and rhythm of the music as the strobe lights beat their patterns across the stage and the band plays the contemporary rock sound which cannot be differentiated from songs by the Grateful Dead, the Beatles, or anyone else. And you may try to tell me this is of God and that it is leading people to Christ, but I know better. pornography addict, "Two points of view: 'Christian' rock and roll.", The Evangelist, 17(8): 49-50.
It used to be the fun was in The capture and kill. In another place and time I did it all for thrills.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
It was 20 years ago today Larry Wall taught some text to play It's been going in & out of style But it's stuck around for quite a while() So may I introduce to you The tool you've loved for all these years Larry's Practical Extract & Report Laaaanguage It's Larry's Practical Extract Report Lang 5.10 still has some bugs to fix Larry's Practical Extract Report Lang Don't ask for a date for version 6… http://perlbuzz.com/2007/12/it-was-twenty-years-ago-today.html on Perl's 20th Birthday
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.
It was a /good/ storm. There was quite effective projection and passion there, and critics agreed that if it would only learn to control its thunder it would be, in years to come, a storm to watch.
It was a JOKE!! Get it?? I was receiving messages from DAVID LETTERMAN!! YOW!!
It was all so different before everything changed.
"...It was a lot faster than I thought it was going to be, much faster than NT. If further speed increases are done to the server for the final release, Oracle is going to be able to wipe their ass with SQL SERVER and hand it back to M$ while the Oracle admins ... migrate their databases over to Linux!"
It was a puzzle why things were always dragged kicking and screaming. No one ever seemed to want to, for example, lead them gently by the hand.
"It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country. The Greeks never said it was sweet to die for anything. They had no vital lies."
"It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set foot."
It was Carrot who'd suggested to the Patrician that hardened criminals should be given the chance to "serve the community" by redecorating the homes of the elderly, lending a new terror to old age and, given Ankh-Morpork's crime rate, leading to at least one old lady having her front room wallpapered so many times in six months that now she could only get in sideways.
It was done far more often than the audiences ever realized -- when singers had a sore throat, or had completely dried, or had turned up so drunk they could barely stand, or, in one notorious instance many years previously, had died in the interval and subsequently sung their famous aria by means of a broom-handle stuck up their back and their jaw operated with a piece of string.
It was funny how people were people everywhere you went, even if the people concerned weren't the people the people who made up the phrase "people are people everywhere" had traditionally thought of as people. And even if you weren't virtuous, as you had been brought up to understand the term, you did like to see virtue in other people, provided it didn?t cost you anything.
It was hard enough to kill a vampire. You could stake them down and turn them into dust and ten years later someone drops a drop of blood in the wrong place and *guess who's back*? They returned more times than raw broccoli.
It was here that the thaum, hitherto believed to be the smallest possible particle of magic, was succesfully demonstrated to be made up of /resons/ (Lit.: 'Thing-ies') or reality fragments. Currently research indicates that each reson is itself made up of a combination of at least five 'flavours', known as 'up', 'down', 'sideways', 'sex appeal' and 'peppermint'.
It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer, when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
It wasn't a dark and stormy night. It should have been, but there's the weather for you. For every mad scientist who's had a convenient thunderstorm just on the night his Great Work is complete and lying on the slab, there have been dozens who've sat around aimlessly under the peaceful stars while Igor clocks up the overtime.
It wasn't blood in general he couldn't stand the sight of, it was just his blood in particular that was so upsetting.
It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly. It was more like the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.
It was one of those perfect summer days -- the sun was shining, a breeze was blowing, the birds were singing, and the lawn mower was broken ...
It was one time too many One word too few It was all too much for me and you There was one way to go Nothing more we could do One time too many One word too few
It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.
It was pity stayed his hand. "Pity I don't have any more bullets," thought Frito.
It was pleasant to me to get a letter from you the other day. Perhaps I should have found it pleasanter if I had been able to decipher it. I don't think that I mastered anything beyond the date (which I knew) and the signature (which I guessed at). There's a singular and a perpetual charm in a letter of yours; it never grows old, it never loses its novelty. Other letters are read and thrown away and forgotten, but yours are kept forever -- unread. One of them will last a reasonable man a lifetime.
It was possibly the most circumspect advance in the history of military manoeuvres, right down at the bottom end of the scale that things like the Charge of the Light Brigade are at the top of. (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
It was so much easier to blame it on Them. It was bleakly depressing to think that They were Us. If it was Them, then nothing was anyone's fault. If it was us, what did that make Me? After all, I'm one of Us. I must be. I've certainly never thought of myself as one of Them. *No one* ever thinks of themselves as one of Them. We're always one of Us. It's Them that do the bad things.
"It was the Law of the Sea, they said. Civilization ends at the waterline. Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top."
It was the Law of the Sea, they said. Civilization ends at the waterline. Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
It was the sort of thing you expected in the Street of Alchemists. The neighbours *preferred* explosions, which were at least identifiable and soon over. They were better than the smells, which crept up on you.
It was true about the time measurement as well. The Tezumen had realized long ago that everything was steadily getting worse and, having a terrible little-mindedness, had developed a complex system to keep track of how much worse each succeeding day was.
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion that makes horse-races.
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
It will be generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant examples.
It won't be covered in the book. The source code has to be useful for something, after all... :-)
It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain stable.
It would be illogical to kill without reason.
It would be nice if the Food and Drug Administration stopped issuing warnings about toxic substances and just gave me the names of one or two things still safe to eat.
It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
It would be nice to say that the tiny frogs thought long and hard about the new flower, about life in the old flower, about the need to explore, about the possibility that the world was bigger than a pool with petals around the edge. In fact, what they thought was: "._._.mipmip._._.mipmip._._.mipmip".
It would be possible to optimize some forms of goto, but I haven't bothered.
It would save me a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now.
It would seem that evil retreats when forcibly confronted.
"It would seem that you have no useful skill or talent whatsoever," he said. "Have you thought of going into teaching?"
"I understand this is your first dead client," Sabian was saying. The absurdity of the statement made me want to laugh but they don't call me Deadpan Allie and lie.
I understand why you're confused. You're thinking too much.
I used to be a FUNDAMENTALIST, but then I heard about the HIGH RADIATION LEVELS and bought an ENCYCLOPEDIA!!
I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to be a rebel in my youth. This cause... that cause... (chuckle) I backed 'em ALL! But I learned. Rebellion is simply a device used by the immature to hide from his own problems. So I lost interest in politics. Now when I feel aroused by a civil rights case or a passport hearing... I realize it's just a device. I go to my analyst and we work it out. You have no idea how much better I feel these days.
I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused.
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
I used to be such a sweet sweet thing, 'til they got a hold of me, I opened doors for little old ladies, I helped the blind to see, I got no friends 'cause they read the papers, they can't be seen, With me, and I'm feelin' real shot down, And I'm, uh, feelin' mean, No more, Mr. Nice Guy, No more, Mr. Clean, No more, Mr. Nice Guy, They say "He's sick, he's obscene". My dog bit me on the leg today, my cat clawed my eyes, Ma's been thrown out of the social circle, and Dad has to hide, I went to church, incognito, when everybody rose, The reverend Smithy, he recognized me, And punched me in the nose, he said, (chorus) He said "You're sick, you're obscene".
I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance.
.. I used to get in more fights with SCO than I did my girlfriend, but now, thanks to Linux, she has more than happily accepted her place back at number one antagonist in my life..
I used to have a drinking problem. Now I love the stuff.
I used to have nightmares that the Grinch's dog would kidnap me and make me dress up in a halter-top and hot pants and listen to Burl Ives records.
I used to live in a house by the freeway. When I went anywhere, I had to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway. I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights. Now it looks like I'm the only one moving. I was pulled over for speeding today. The officer said, "Don't you know the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?" And I said, "Yes, but I wasn't going to be out that long." I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out. Now my car goes 500 miles an hour.
I used to think I was a child; now I think I am an adult -- not because I no longer do childish things, but because those I call adults are no more mature than I am.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to think romantic love was a neurosis shared by two, a supreme foolishness. I no longer thought that. There's nothing foolish in loving anyone. Thinking you'll be loved in return is what's foolish.
"I used to think that *I* was stupid, and then I met philosophers."
I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in my body. Then I realized who was telling me this.
: I used to think that this was just another demonstration of Larry's : enormous skill at pulling off what other people would fail or balk at. Well, everyone else knew it was impossible, so they didn't try. :-)
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
I use technology in order to hate it more properly.
- I USHERED SOULS INTO THE NEXT WORLD. I WAS THE GRAVE OF ALL HOPE. I WAS THE ULTIMATE REALITY. I WAS THE ASSASSIN AGAINST WHOM NO LOCK WOULD HOLD. - "Yes, point taken, but do you have any particular skills?" (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
I value kindness to human beings first of all, and kindness to animals. I don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper, and old men and women warmer in the winter, and happier in the summer.
I've already got a female to worry about. Her name is the Enterprise.
I've already told you more than I know.
I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.
I've always felt sorry for people that don't drink -- remember, when they wake up, that's as good as they're gonna feel all day!
I've always made it a solemn practice to never drink anything stronger than tequila before breakfast.
I've always thought the Patrician is a party animal. Can you imagine waking up next day and remembering all those witty things you said and did, and then realising that he was listening?
I've Been Moved!
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
I've been on this lonely road so long, Does anybody know where it goes, I remember last time the signs pointed home, A month ago.
I've been there.
I've built a better model than the one at Data General For data bases vegetable, animal, and mineral My OS handles CPUs with multiplexed duality; My PL/1 compiler shows impressive functionality. My storage system's better than magnetic core polarity, You never have to bother checking out a bit for parity; There isn't any reason to install non-static floor matting; My disk drive has capacity for variable formatting. I feel compelled to mention what I know to be a gloating point: There's lots of room in memory for variables floating-point, Which shows for input vegetable, animal, and mineral I've built a better model than the one at Data General. "Modern Major General", from "Pirates of Penzance", by Gilbert & Sullivan)
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
I've finally found the perfect girl, I couldn't ask for more, She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed, And owns a liquor store.
"I've finally learned what `upward compatible' means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes."
I've finally learned what "upward compatible" means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.
I've found my niche. If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was this little hole in the bottom ...
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
I've got a COUSIN who works in the GARMENT DISTRICT ...
I've got all the money I'll ever need if I die by 4 o'clock.
I've got an IDEA!! Why don't I STARE at you so HARD, you forget your SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER!!
I've got a very bad feeling about this.
"I've got some amyls. We could either party later or, like, start his heart."
> I've hacked the Xaw3d library to give you a Win95 like interface and it > is named Xaw95. You can replace your Xaw3d library. Oh God, this is so disgusting!
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
"I've heard a Jew and a Muslim argue in a Damascus café with less passion than the emacs wars."
I've heard a Jew and a Muslim argue in a Damascus cafe with less passion than the emacs wars." <ueu1c4mbrc.fsf@auda.18james.com>
: I've heard that there is a shell (bourne or csh) to perl filter, does : anyone know of this or where I can get it? Yeah, you filter it through Tom Christiansen. :-) -- Larry Wall
I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes on the same day.
I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember... Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.
I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
<<< I've never used Cucumber in anger, but I thought it was for creating testcases that could be understood by non-technical clients, so you can concretely discuss features. If you're writing a compiler then all your clients will be programmers, so there's no need for such a thing. >>> Our clients are the parents, guardians, and teachers of children between the ages of eight and twelve inclusive. The intent of Cucumber is to make readable testcases, just as the intent of COBOL and AppleScript and visual component programming is to enable non-programmers to create software without having to learn how to program.
I've no idea when Linus is going to release 2.0.24, but if he takes too long Im going to release a 2.0.24unoff and he can sound off all he likes.
I've no regrets. I was sincere in everything I said. announcing his new book
I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.
I've only got 12 cards.
I've read SEVEN MILLION books!!
I've run DOOM more in the last few days than I have the last few months. I just love debugging ;-)
I've said some stupid things and some wrong things, but not that. No one involved in computers would ever say that a certain amount of memory is enough for all time … I keep bumping into that silly quotation attributed to me that says 640 K of memory is enough. There's never a citation; the quotation just floats like a rumor, repeated again and again. Bloomberg Business News Do you realize the pain the industry went through while the IBM PC was limited to 640 K? The machine was going to be 512 K at one point, and we kept pushing it up. I never said that statement — I said the opposite of that. October 8, 2014. I have to say that in 1981, making those decisions, I felt like I was providing enough freedom for 10 years. That is, a move from 64k to 640k felt like something that would last a great deal of time. Well, it didn’t – it took about only 6 years before people started to see that as a real problem.
"I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on a mug of beer"
"I've seen it. It's rubbish."
I've seen people with new children before, they go from ultra happy to looking like something out of a zombie film in about a week.
"I've seen the forgeries I've sent out."
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness; And from that full meridian of my glory I haste now to my setting. I shall fall, Like a bright exhalation in the evening And no man see me more.
: I've tried (in vi) "g/[a-z]\n[a-z]/s//_/"...but that doesn't : cut it. Any ideas? (I take it that it may be a two-pass sort of solution). In the first pass, install perl. :-)
IV. The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken. Such an object is inevitably priceless, the attempt to capture it inevitably unsuccessful. V. All principles of gravity are negated by fear. Psychic forces are sufficient in most bodies for a shock to propel them directly away from the earth's surface. A spooky noise or an adversary's signature sound will induce motion upward, usually to the cradle of a chandelier, a treetop, or the crest of a flagpole. The feet of a character who is running or the wheels of a speeding auto need never touch the ground, especially when in flight. VI. As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once. This is particularly true of tooth-and-claw fights, in which a character's head may be glimpsed emerging from the cloud of altercation at several places simultaneously. This effect is common as well among bodies that are spinning or being throttled. A "wacky" character has the option of self-replication only at manic high speeds and may ricochet off walls to achieve the velocity required.
I waited and waited and when no message came I knew it must be from you.
... I want a COLOR T.V. and a VIBRATING BED!!!
I want another RE-WRITE on my CEASAR SALAD!!
I want a VEGETARIAN BURRITO to go ... with EXTRA MSG!!
I want a WESSON OIL lease!!
I want EARS! I want two ROUND BLACK EARS to make me feel warm 'n secure!!
... I want FORTY-TWO TRYNEL FLOATATION SYSTEMS installed within SIX AND A HALF HOURS!!!
"I wants your body, Mrs Ogg." (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
I want the presidency so bad I can already taste the hors d'oeuvres.
I Want to Believe, I Want to Lie
I want to be the white man's brother, not his brother-in-law.
I want to dress you up as TALLULAH BANKHEAD and cover you with VASELINE and WHEAT THINS ...
I want to kill everyone here with a cute colorful Hydrogen Bomb!!
... I want to perform cranial activities with Tuesday Weld!!
I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?
I want to read my new poem about pork brains and outer space ...
I want to see people using Perl to glue things together creatively, not just technically but also socially.
I want to so HAPPY, the VEINS in my neck STAND OUT!!
I want you to MEMORIZE the collected poems of EDNA ST VINCENT MILLAY ... BACKWARDS!!
I want you to organize my PASTRY trays ... my TEA-TINS are gleaming in formation like a ROW of DRUM MAJORETTES -- please don't be FURIOUS with me --
I was about to say, "Avoid fame like the plague," but you know, they can cure the plague with penicillin these days.
I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued endangered species. It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of bricks and mortar. But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud the earth. Sylvia Kamerman, "Book Reviewing"
I WAS AT A PARTY, he added, a shade reproachfully. (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
I was attacked by dselect as a small child and have since avoided debian.
I was at this restaurant. The sign said "Breakfast Anytime." So I ordered French Toast in the Rennaissance.
I was born because it was a habit in those days, people didn't know anything else ... I was not a Child Prodigy, because a Child Prodigy is a child who knows as much when it is a child as it does when it grows up.
I was born in a barrel of butcher knives Trouble I love and peace I despise Wild horses kicked me in my side Then a rattlesnake bit me and he walked off and died.
I was born in a Hostess Cupcake factory before the sexual revolution!
"I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn. By accident I put the car key in the door lock. The house started up. So I figured what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times. I thought I should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to get off my driveway."
I was eatin' some chop suey, With a lady in St. Louie, When there sudden comes a knockin' at the door. And that knocker, he says, "Honey, Roll this rocker out some money, Or your daddy shoots a baddie to the floor."
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know.
I was in a bar and I walked up to a beautiful woman and said, "Do you live around here often?" She said, "You're wearing two different-color socks." I said, "Yes, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness." She said, "How do you feel?" And I said, "You know when you're sitting on a chair and you lean back so you're just on two legs and you lean too far so you almost fall over but at the last second you catch yourself? I feel like that all the time..."
I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been avoiding the beach.
I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
I was lucky as Ricardo SIGNES was also awake who explained that actually he has stopped using Module::Starter as he is writing [Dist::Zilla](http://metacpan.org/release/Dist-Zilla) that provides much better project management capabilities. I pointed him at my blog entry and after reading it he asked me if I know the expression *yak shaving* [= performing a task which is required by a different task which is required by… to achieve what one wants in the first place]. I've heard it, actually I even read about it in in [The Productive Programmer](http://productiveprogrammer.com/) I mentioned earlier in [The Quest for the Perfect Editor](http://szabgab.com/the-quest-for-the-perfect-editor.html) but I did not really understand it. Actually, I think I understood it back when I read the book but promptly forgotten it as I did not have any way to connect the expression to the actions or lack of actions. I was so lucky to find Ricardo there, as he explained: * I need to fix this bug, but first I better eat something so I don’t get tired. * So I'm going to have some cereal, but I'm out of milk. * So I'll go get some milk. But I heard that yak milk is the best, so I'll go out to Nepal to find a yak. * But they're all so hairy, I can't get to their udders. * So, first I'll just shave the yak. This is just the way you have to teach. Now I can remember it much more easily.
I was making donuts and now I'm on a bus!
I wasn't recommending that we make the links for them, only provide them with the tools to do so if they want to take the gamble (or the gambol).
I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold. A thief is anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnapping somebody. He really gives some effort to it. A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum. He works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot. Why, after I'd made my rep, some of the Chicago Syndicate wanted me to work for them as a hood -- you know, handling a machine gun. They offered me two hundred and fifty dollars a week and all the protection I needed. I was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line. But I wouldn't consider it. "I'm a thief," I said. "I'm no lousy hoodlum."
I was part of that strange race of people aptly described as spending their lives doing things they detest to make money they don't want to buy things they don't need to impress people they dislike.
I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards. I got a full house and 4 people died.
I was the best I ever had.
I was thinking of 'duh?' in the sense of 'a sentence containing several words more than three letters long, and possibly requiring general knowledge or a sense of history that extends past last Tuesday, has been used in my presense.'
I was trying not to mention backtracking. Which, of course, means that yours is "righter" than mine, in a theoretical sense.
I was working on a case. It had to be a case, because I couldn't afford a desk. Then I saw her. This tall blond lady. She must have been tall because I was on the third floor. She rolled her deep blue eyes towards me. I picked them up and rolled them back. We kissed. She screamed. I took the cigarette from my mouth and kissed her again.
I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it in the room alone.
I went home with a waitress, The way I always do. How I was I to know? She was with the Russians too. I was gambling in Havana, I took a little risk. Send lawyers, guns, and money, Dad, get me out of this.
"I went into a general store, and they wouldn't sell me anything specific".
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth.
I went on to test the program in every way I could devise. I strained it to expose its weaknesses. I ran it for high-mass stars and low-mass stars, for stars born exceedingly hot and those born relatively cold. I ran it assuming the superfluid currents beneath the crust to be absent -- not because I wanted to know the answer, but because I had developed an intuitive feel for the answer in this particular case. Finally I got a run in which the computer showed the pulsar's temperature to be less than absolute zero. I had found an error. I chased down the error and fixed it. Now I had improved the program to the point where it would not run at all. Holes and the Fate of Stars"
I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle. I said "Hi, what's happenin'?" He said "Nothin'." Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm; As if you just squashed a cop.
I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours. Great song.
"I went to a job interview the other day, the guy asked me if I had any questions , I said yes, just one, if you're in a car traveling at the speed of light and you turn your headlights on, does anything happen? He said he couldn't answer that, I told him sorry, but I couldn't work for him then.
I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20 years ago. When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, "Where are they all going to go? It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!" Years later, I went back to the same hotel. I noticed the room keys had been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors. There was a computer in every doorknob.
I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life. I asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career of a robber.
"I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the statues that are in all the other museums."
I went to the race track once and bet on a horse that was so good that it took seven others to beat him!
I will always love the false image I had of you.
I will follow the good side right to the fire, but not into it if I can help it.
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future. The Spirits of all Three shall strive within me. I will not shut out the lessons that they teach. Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the writing on this stone!
"I will make no bargains with terrorist hardware."
I will make you shorter by the head.
I will never lie to you.
I will not drink! But if I do... I will not get drunk! But if I do... I will not in public! But if I do... I will not fall down! But if I do... I will fall face down so that they cannot see my company badge.
I will not forget you.
I will not play at tug o' war. I'd rather play at hug o' war, Where everyone hugs Instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles And rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, And everyone grins, And everyone cuddles, And everyone wins.
I wish a robot would get elected president. That way, when he came to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.
I WISH I HAD A KRYPTONITE CROSS, because then you could keep both Dracula and Superman away.
I wish I was a sex-starved manicurist found dead in the Bronx!!
I wish I was on a Cincinnati street corner holding a clean dog!
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence. There's a knob called "brightness", but it doesn't seem to work.
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.
I woke up a feelin' mean went down to play the slot machine the wheels turned round, and the letters read "Better head back to Tennessee Jed"
I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica. I told my roommate, "Isn't this amazing? Everything in the apartment has been stolen and replaced with an exact replica." He said, "Do I know you?"
"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed. Oh, I know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
I wonder if I could ever get started in the credit world?
I wonder if I ought to tell them about my PREVIOUS LIFE as a COMPLETE STRANGER?
I wonder if I should put myself in ESCROW!!
I wonder if there's anything GOOD on tonight?
"I wonder if this is the first constitution in the history of mankind where you have to calculate a square root to determine if a motion passes. :-)"
I won't mention any names, because I don't want to get sun4's into trouble... :-) -- Larry Wall in <11333@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
I worked in a health food store once. A guy came in and asked me, "If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one, but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even after we've been home a long while.
...I would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our family, the Hominidae.
I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have gotten the hostages released. I thank God they were satisfied with the missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
I would have you imagine, then, that there exists in the mind of man a block of wax... and that we remember and know what is imprinted as long as the image lasts; but when the image is effaced, or cannot be taken, then we forget or do not know. [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to image activation and termination.]
I would like the government to do all it can to mitigate, then, in understanding, in mutuality of interest, in concern for the common good, our tasks will be solved.
I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word 'fair' in connection with income tax policies.
I would like to know What I was fencing in And what I was fencing out.
I would like to urinate in an OVULAR, porcelain pool --
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
I wouldn't be so paranoid if you weren't all out to get me!!
I wouldn't ever write the full sentence myself, but then, I never use goto either.
"I wouldn't give it to a dog, and I *am* one." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
I would rather be a serf in a poor man's house and be above ground than reign among the dead.
I would rather say that a desire to drive fast sports cars is what sets man apart from the animals.
I would rather spend 10 hours reading someone else's source code than 10 minutes listening to Musak waiting for technical support which isn't.
I would trade all of my technology for an afternoon with Socrates.
I wrote them (and looking at the original ones, I'm a bit ashamed: the "toupper()" and "tolower()" macros are so horribly ugly that I wouldn't admit to writing them if it wasn't because somebody else claimed to have done so.) Linus Torvalds on the Linux Kernel Mailing List in response to SCO's Linux Kernel ownership claims.
Jacek, a Polish schoolboy, is told by his teacher that he has been chosen to carry the Polish flag in the May Day parade. "Why me?" whines the boy. "Three years ago I carried the flag when Brezhnev was the Secretary; then I carried the flag when it was Andropov's turn, and again when Chernenko was in the Kremlin. Why is it always me, teacher?" "Because, Jacek, you have such golden hands," the teacher explains.
Jack-and-Jill Party: A Squire tradition; baby showers to which both men and women friends are invited as opposed to only women. Doubled purchasing power of bisexual attendance brings gift values up to Eisenhower-era standards. Culture"
"jackpot: you may have an unnecessary change record"
Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government: No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the legislature is in session.
<jagerman> dooky: A coworker used to like to say things like "I wrote this much code" while holding his hands a couple feet apart <mofino> hahaha <jagerman> Once I asked him "At what font size?" <mofino> +30 <q[ender]> hahah <jagerman> He never said it any more
Jaime had never realised that trees made a sound when they grew, and no-one else had realised it either, because the sound is made over hundreds of years in waves of twenty-four hours from peak to peak. Speed it up, and the sound a tree makes is *vrooom*.
<james> abuse me. I'm so lame I sent a bug report to debian-devel-changes
<james> any gnome freaks around? <Knghtbrd> not me, I'm just a freak
<james> Are we going to make an emacs out of apt? APT - Debian in a program. It even does your laundry
<james> but, then I used an Atari, I was more likely to win the lottery in ten countries simultaneously than get accelerated X
James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total indifference to public notice to be universally recognized.
James McNeill Whistler's (painter of "Whistler's Mother") failure in his West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life, "If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general."
* james would be more impressed if netgod's magic powers could stop the splits in the first place... * netgod notes debian developers are notoriously hard to impress
Jane and I got mixed up with a television show -- or as we call it back east here: TV -- a clever contraction derived from the words Terrible Vaudeville. However, it is our latest medium -- we call it a medium because nothing's well done. It was discovered, I suppose you've heard, by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: "What's on television?" and "Good night". Letters, 1967
Japanese Minimalism: The most frequently offered interior design aesthetic used by rootless career-hopping young people. Culture"
JAPAN is a WONDERFUL planet -- I wonder if we'll ever reach their level of COMPARATIVE SHOPPING ...
< jaybonci> actually d-i stands for "divine intervention" ;)
Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.
Jenkinson's Law: It won't work.
Jesuit priests are DATING CAREER DIPLOMATS!!
... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been found and thy program runneth. And he that was dead came forth...
Jesus is my POSTMASTER GENERAL ...
"Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin."
"Jesus saves...but Gretzky gets the rebound!"
"Jesus won't cut you off before you're through With him you won't never get a crossed line, And when your bill comes it'll all be properly itemised He's the telephone repairman on the switchboard of my life. The phone line to the saviour's always free of interference He's in at any hour, day or night And when you call J-E-S-U-S you always call toll-free He's the telephone repairman on the switchboard of my life."
* Jes wonders why so many people in here uses fooZZZZZ and foo_sleeping nicks <peter> Jes: Because they are sleeping?
<jgoerzen> doogie: you sound highly unstable :-) <Knghtbrd> jgoerzen - he is. * doogie bops Knghtbrd <Knghtbrd> see? Resorting to violence =D
<jgoerzen> stu: ahh that machine. Don't you think that something named stallman deserves to be an Alpha? :-) <stu> jgoerzen: no, actually, I'd prolly be more inclined to name a 386 with 4 megs of ram and a 40 meg hard drive stallman. <stu> with a big fat case that makes tons of noise and rattles the floor * Knghtbrd falls to the floor holding his sides laughing <stu> and.. <stu> double-height hard drive
<JHM> AIX - the Unix from the universe where Spock has a beard.
<JHM> Being overloaded is the sign of a true Debian maintainer.
<JHM> Somehow I have more respect for 14 year old Debian developers than 14 year old Certified Microsoft Serfs.
* JHM wonders what Joey did to earn "I'd just like to say, for the record, that Joey rules."
Jim> http://www.novare.net/~eam/kaffe/ Joey> ^ Joey> And now we all learn how to write Ean's name and the URL is complete. Jim> Hah! I noticed that the instead I sent it, and I tried to hit ^g, but I was too slow. :-) --- debian-devel
Jim, it's Grace at the bank. I checked your Christmas Club account. You don't have five-hundred dollars. You have fifty. Sorry, computer foul-up!
Jim, it's Jack. I'm at the airport. I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay you the five-hundred I owe you. Catch you next year when I get back!
<jim> Lemme make sure I'm not wasting time here... bcwhite will remove pkgs that havent been fixed that have outstanding bugs of severity "important". True or false? <JHM> jim: "important" or higher. True. <jim> Then we're about to lose ftp.debian.org and dpkg :) * netgod will miss dpkg -- it was occasionally useful <Joey> We still have rpm....
Jim Nasium's Law: In a large locker room with hundreds of lockers, the few people using the facility at any one time will all have lockers next to each other so that everybody is cramped.
Jim, this is Janelle. I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and I gotta find a safe place for Daffy. He loves you, Jim! It's only two days, and you'll see. Great Danes are no problem!
Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's. Some guy named Angel Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab. And now he wants to charge it to you. You gonna pay it?
<jkauffman> Lynx_: you do seem to do a lot of climbing <jkauffman> Lynx_: you'll have the last laugh when the apocalypse comes <jkauffman> you'll be physically fit <jkauffman> climbing over the mountains of sulfurous ash <jkauffman> bounding over rivers of lava <Lynx_> sounds great <Lynx_> but what will i eat? <jkauffman> those who didn't bother to practice climbing <Lynx_> eww <Lynx_> those will be all fatty <Lynx_> but maybe sulfurous ash is not so bad with some salt <jkauffman> perhaps
job interview, n.: The excruciating process during which personnel officers separate the wheat from the chaff -- then hire the chaff.
job Placement, n.: Telling your boss what he can do with your job.
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!
<Joey> gorgo: *lol* <gorgo> joey: what's so funny? :) <Culus> shh, joey is losing all sanity from lack of sleep <Culus> 'yes joey, very funny' <Culus> Humor him :>
* joeyh cvs commits his home directory. Aaaaaa <drow> eeeeeeek <drow> joeyh: That is simply evil. Period.
* joeyh installs debian using only his big toe, for a change of pace
<joeyh> netgod: er, are these 2.2.0 packages 2.0.0pre9 or do you have a direct line with the gods? <netgod> joeyh: i have the direct line
<joeyh> oh my, it's a UP P III. <doogie> dos it. * joeyh runs dselect <Overfiend> that ought to be sufficient :)
* joeyh_ runs ps and sees 10 lines of awk code * joeyh_ recoils in horror
* joeyh takes advantage of netscape's marvelous ability to crash to close 10 windows with a single keypress <joeyh> now that's progress! <Knghtbrd> Bus error =>
* joeyh_ wonders if linux is supposed to lock up when you ask 100 processes to cat the entire cd drive
* joeyh wonders why everyone wants to know how tall he is <james> joeyh: it helps the sniper
* Joey should not write changelog entries at 5:30am <Joey> * DFSC Free cgi library <Joey> What's that? DFSC? <jim> Debian Free Software mroooooCows
jogger, n.: An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.
John Dame May Oscar Was Gay Was Whitty Was Wilde But Gerard Hopkins But John Greenleaf But Thornton Was Manley Was Whittier Was Wilder
Johnny Carson's Definition: The smallest interval of time known to man is that which occurs in Manhattan between the traffic signal turning green and the taxi driver behind you blowing his horn.
Johnny had seen films of American shopping malls. They must have different sorts of people in America, he'd thought. They all looked cool, all the girls were beautiful, and the place wasn't crowded with little kamikaze grandmothers.
JOHN PAUL ELECTED POPE!! (George and Ringo miffed.)
Johnson's First Law: When any mechanical contrivance fails, it will do so at the most inconvenient possible time.
Johnson's law: Systems resemble the organizations that create them.
John the Baptist after poisoning a thief, Looks up at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief, Saying tell me great leader, but please make it brief Is there a hole for me to get sick in? The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly, Saying death to all those who would whimper and cry. And dropping a barbell he points to the sky, Saying the sun is not yellow, it's chicken.
Join in the new game that's sweeping the country. It's called "Bureaucracy". Everybody stands in a circle. The first person to do anything loses.
Join the army, see the world, meet interesting, exciting people, and kill them.
Join the march to save individuality!
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people, and kill them.
Jones' First Law: Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any field of endeavor, and stays in that field long enough, becomes an obstruction to its progress -- in direct proportion to the importance of their original contribution.
Jones' Motto: Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Jones' Second Law: The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
<joost> Do you mean to say that I can read mail with vi too? ;-) <Joey> Didn't you know that? <Joey> :r /var/spool/mail/jk
<joshk> joshk@influx:/etc/logrotate.d> sh -n * <joshk> apache: line 14: syntax error near unexpected token `}' <joshk> apache: line 14: `}' <joshk> the plot thickens <asuffield> those aren't shell scripts <erich> this wasn't chicken.
Joshu: What is the true Way? Nansen: Every way is the true Way. J: Can I study it? N: The more you study, the further from the Way. J: If I don't study it, how can I know it? N: The Way does not belong to things seen: nor to things unseen. It does not belong to things known: nor to things unknown. Do not seek it, study it, or name it. To find yourself on it, open yourself as wide as the sky.
Journalism is literature in a hurry.
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
<Joy> Flinny: black crontab magic kinda stuff :) <knghtbrd> Joy: does that mean people get to dance naked around bonfires chanting strange things and waving their arms about in a silly manner? <rcw> knghtbrd: what do you *think* people do at novare?
"Joy is wealth and love is the legal tender of the soul."
<Joy> that's a Kludge(TM) <knghtbrd> It Works(tm) <Joy> AIX works(TM) <knghtbrd> no it doesn't <knghtbrd> =>
<Joy> wow... simple maths show that Debian developers have closed more than *31* *thousand* bug reports since our BTS exists! <Joy> that is about 30999 more than Microsoft ;)
<jrockway> btw, feel free to LOL: <jrockway> wow, such concise code <jrockway> and i can FEEL THE SPEED from using arrays <rjbs> bowl full of mush <rindolf> jrockway: there was a discussion about using arrays as objects in module-authors. <jrockway> i read it and laughed <jrockway> (yeah, someone is wrong on the internet, but i don't really care) <rjbs> I use JSON strings as my objects, and define my classes in terms of regexps that pull out the right attributes. <rjbs> It makes the code portable to JavaScript, except the methods. <jrockway> great plan! <jrockway> regexps are fast in perl, because perl is designed for parsing text <rjbs> tx, can I add "endorsed by jon rockway" to my precis? <jrockway> oh yeah <jrockway> i recommend you reverse the JSON first, though, to provide better encapsulation <jrockway> otherwise people could read the objects… and that breaks encapsulation, dontchaknow <rjbs> I use UTF-16 and rot4096. <jrockway> UTF-16 IS TOO SLOW! <rindolf> Heh. <jrockway> i can't believe we are even having this conversation… utf-16… <jrockway> i am never speaking to you again! * rindolf wonders how one can combine JSON with inside-out objects. <rjbs> jrockway: no, no, WITHOUT the bom <rjbs> BOM is what makes it slow. <rjbs> rindolf: sub id { my $self = shift; $json_parser_for{ $self }->decode($json_for{ $self })->{id} } <rindolf> rjbs: LOL. <rindolf> rjbs++ <Dylan> unicode: somebody set us up the BOM <ilmari> BOM-de-ada <rindolf> Where's the BOM? There was supposed to be an earth-shattering Ka-BOM! <rjbs> I think Iran has it. <perigrin> if it doesn't … Sen. McCain will introduce a bill to provide them with one <rjbs> give the bom bom bom, bom to Iran <rjbs> funnier if you pronounce Iran properly <perigrin> iran … iran so far away … <rindolf> iRack - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw2nkoGLhrE <autarch> someone set us up the BOM <jnapiorkowski> I thought all our base waz ownzed or something like that * confound is the king of BOM <rjbs> who's the BOM king? <confound> I'm the BOM king! <ubu> "once i was the King of BOM" <rjbs> hear me now
<jrockway> "omg i have web 2.0 photoship skillz AND LOVE TEH GIT LETS MAKE A STARTUP!!!11!!" <awwaiid> it drops my cool-concept impressedness of github like 100 points <jrockway> that's the rails mentality <jrockway> "I have an idea, so I'm going to make a company" <jrockway> compared to the perl version, "i have an idea, so I'm going to write a module" <awwaiid> is that why we're all poor? <jrockway> awwaiid: no, starting companies is not how you get rich :)
<jt> should a bug be marked critical if it only affects one arch? <james-workaway> jt: rc for that arch maybe, but those kind of arch specific bugs are rare... <jt> not when it's caused by a bug in gcc <doogie> jt: get gcc removed from that arch. :)
Juall's Law on Nice Guys: Nice guys don't always finish last; sometimes they don't finish. Sometimes they don't even get a chance to start!
Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away someone else's cash.
Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac (and nobody cares about it).
Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake. Pick one. (1) It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake. (2) It's cheaper than going to France. (3) It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday. (4) Life is short. (5) It's somebody's birthday. I don't want them to celebrate alone. (6) It matches my eyes. (7) Whoever said, "Let them eat cake." must have been talking to me. (8) To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday. (9) Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating. (10) Strawberry shortcake is evil. I must help rid the world of it. (11) I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff. (12) It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.
Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions seldom black or white. Beware of the solution that requires one side to be totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner. The reason there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all the facts. Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is not acting from political motivation. Rather, he is acting from a deep sense of respect for the whole truth.
Just a song before I go, Going through security To whom it may concern, I held her for so long. Traveling twice the speed of sound She finally looked at me in love, It's easy to get burned. And she was gone. When the shows were over Just a song before I go, We had to get back home, A lesson to be learned. And when we opened up the door Traveling twice the speed of sound I had to be alone. It's easy to get burned. She helped me with my suitcase, She stands before my eyes, Driving me to the airport And to the friendly skies.
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
Just because he's dead is no reason to lay off work.
Just because it's not nice doesn't mean it's not miraculous.
Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going to get hit.
"Just because someone's a member of an ethnic minority doesn't mean they're not a nasty small-minded little jerk [...]"
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
Just because they are called 'forbidden' transitions does not mean that they are forbidden. They are less allowed than allowed transitions, if you see what I mean.
Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
Just close your eyes, tap your heels together three times, and think to yourself, `There's no place like home.'
Just don't compare it with a real language, or you'll be unhappy... :-)
Just don't create a file called -rf. :-)
Just don't make the '9' format pack/unpack numbers... :-)
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
Just go ahead and write your own multitasking multiuser os! Worked for me all the times.
Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get a prompt, type like hell.
Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth about his or her love affairs.
Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
Justice, n.: A decision in your favor.
Just machines to make big decisions, Programmed by men for compassion and vision, We'll be clean when their work is done, We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young, What a beautiful world this will be, What a glorious time to be free.
Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of blue denim. If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim. I don't enjoy the sky or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character. If Jesus Christ came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim. Then we'd get crucified in the morning.
"Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?"
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!
Just remember, wherever you go, there you are.
"Just Say No." - Nancy Reagan "No." - Ronald Reagan
"Just the facts, Ma'am"
`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried, As he landed his crew with care; Supporting each man on the top of the tide By a finger entwined in his hair. 'Just the place for a Snark! I have said it twice: That alone should encourage the crew. Just the place for a Snark! I have said it thrice: What I tell you three times is true.'
`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried, As he landed his crew with care; Supporting each man on the top of the tide By a finger entwined in his hair. `Just the place for a Snark! I have said it twice: That alone should encourage the crew. Just the place for a Snark! I have said it thrice: What I tell you three times is true.'
"Just think of a computer as hardware you can program."
"Just think, with VLSI we can have 100 ENIACS on a chip!"
Just to expand on what Ross said, it is undoubtedly too much to expect of any distribution that it automatically detect whether or not the person installing it can read simple English directions, and if he can't, proceed without his input. That way lies madness.
Just to have it is enough.
Just to remind everyone. Today, Sept 17, is Linux's 5th birthday. So happy birthday to all on the list. Thanks go out to Linus and all the other hard-working maintainers for 5 wonderful fast paced years!
Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt of all the others, and then do what's best.
Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!!
Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone, Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you, I went out this morning and I wrote down this song, Just can't remember who to send it to... Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain, I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end, I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend, But I always thought that I'd see you again. Thought I'd see you one more time again.
Kafka's Law: In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights.
Karlson's Theorem of Snack Food Packages: For all P, where P is a package of snack food, P is a SINGLE-SERVING package of snack food. Gibson the Cat's Corrolary: For all L, where L is a package of lunch meat, L is Gibson's package of lunch meat.
Karl's version of Parkinson's Law: Work expands to exceed the time alloted it.
Karmageddon: It's like, when everybody is sending off all these really bad vibes, right? And then, like, the Earth explodes and it's like, a serious bummer.
<KatanaJ> Note on a chem lab fridge- "This refrigerator is not explosion- proof".
Katz' Law: Men and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted. History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics: Population density is inversely proportional to the square of the distance from the keg.
Kaufman's Law: A policy is a restrictive document to prevent a recurrence of a single incident, in which that incident is never mentioned.
<kceee^> I hate users <knghtbrd> you sound like a sysadmin already!
K: Cobalt's metal, hard and shining; Cobol's wordy and confining; KOBOLDS topple when you strike them; Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
Keep all the grades of the students who passed the test as is, and convert the grades of all the students who failed to 54%.
Keep America beautiful. Swallow your beer cans.
Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp! cries she With silent lips. Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me...
Keep away from edge.
Keep away from fire or flame.
Keep cool.
Keep cool, but don't freeze.
Keep cool; process promptly.
Keep emotionally active. Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo.
Keep hands and feet away from moving parts at all times.
Keep in mind always the four constant Laws of Frisbee: (1) The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc straining to land under a car, just out of reach (this force is technically termed "car suck"). (2) Never precede any maneuver by a comment more predictive than "Watch this!" (3) The probability of a Frisbee hitting something is directly proportional to the cost of hitting it. For instance, a Frisbee will always head directly towards a policeman or a little old lady rather than the beat up Chevy. (4) Your best throw happens when no one is watching; when the cute girl you've been trying to impress is watching, the Frisbee will invariably bounce out of your hand or hit you in the head and knock you silly.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Keep me informed on the behaviour of this kernel.. As the "BugFree(tm)" series didn't turn out too well, I'm starting a new series called the "ItWorksForMe(tm)" series, of which this new kernel is yet another shining example.
Keep on keepin' on.
Keep out of reach of children.
Keep out of the sunlight.
Keep refrigerated.
Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
Keep the phase, baby.
Keep this and all chemicals out of the reach of children.
Keep up the good work! But please don't ask me to help.
Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.
Keep your Eye on the Ball, Your Shoulder to the Wheel, Your Nose to the Grindstone, Your Feet on the Ground, Your Head on your Shoulders. Now... try to get something DONE!
Keep your laws off my body!
Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid; Open it and you remove all doubt.
Kennedy's Market Theorem: Given enough inside information and unlimited credit, you've got to go broke.
<Kensey> RMS for President??? <RelDrgn> ...or ESR, he wants a new job ;)
Kent's Heuristic: Look for it first where you'd most like to find it.
kernel, n.: A part of an operating system that preserves the medieval traditions of sorcery and black art.
kern, v.: 1. To pack type together as tightly as the kernels on an ear of corn. 2. In parts of Brooklyn and Queens, N.Y., a small, metal object used as part of the monetary system.
<Kethryvis> Gruuk: UFies are above and beyond the human race :)
Kettering's Observation: Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
< Keybuk> Perl 6 scares me < doogie> you can name your operators anything. the name here is the string '~|_|~' * Lo-lan-2 runs away screaming < Keybuk> it looks like a diagram of a canal lock :) < jaybonci> japanese smiley operators? < nickr> ^_^
<Khisanth> <insert obligatory disclaimer about parsing HTML with regex> <Botje> Khisanth =~ s/disclaimer/death threat/ <Khisanth> I can live with that <Botje> ooh, i got write access on Khisanth <Botje> Khisanth =~ s/must sleep/must give Botje all my money/ <Botje> and now we play the waiting game … >:) <afallenhope> Botje, write& <Botje> yeah * Khisanth gives all of Botje's money to himself <Botje> Khisanth: that's not supposed to happen! * Botje resets the universe <Khisanth> buggy code <snegtul> no such thing Khisanth! =) <snegtul> the bugs are a lie!
Kids always brighten up a house; mostly by leaving the lights on.
Kids! Bringing about Armageddon can be dangerous. Do not attempt it in your home.
Kids, don't gross me off ... "Adventures with MENTAL HYGIENE" can be carried too FAR!
Kids have *never* taken guidance from their parents. If you could travel back in time and observe the original primate family in the original tree, you would see the primate parents yelling at the primate teenager for sitting around and sulking all day instead of hunting for grubs and berries like dad primate. Then you'd see the primate teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
Kids, the seven basic food groups are GUM, PUFF PASTRY, PIZZA, PESTICIDES, ANTIBIOTICS, NUTRA-SWEET and MILK DUDS!!
Killing is stupid; useless!
Killing is wrong.
Killing turkeys causes winter.
"Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit!"
Kill Ugly Processor Architectures
Kill Ugly Radio
Kilroe hic erat!
Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness: Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
Kington's Law of Perforation: If a straight line of holes is made in a piece of paper, such as a sheet of stamps or a check, that line becomes the strongest part of the paper.
Kinkler's First Law: Responsibility always exceeds authority. Kinkler's Second Law: All the easy problems have been solved.
Kin, n.: An affliction of the blood.
<kira> Ada, the only language written to milspec. <Mikster> <shudder>
<kira> is a surgical war where you go give the foreign troops nose jobs?
Kirkland, Illinois, law forbids bees to fly over the village or through any of its streets.
Kirk to Enterprise -- beam down yeoman Rand and a six-pack.
Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.
Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
Kissing don't last, cookery do.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
Kiss me twice. I'm schizophrenic.
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
Kitchen activity is highlighted. Butter up a friend.
Kites rise highest against the wind -- not with it.
Klatu barada nikto.
Kleeneness is next to Gödelness.
Klein bottle for rent -- inquire within.
Kliban's First Law of Dining: Never eat anything bigger than your head.
Klingon function calls do not have 'parameters' -- they have 'arguments'
Klingon phaser attack from front!!!!! 100% Damage to life support!!!!
Kludge, n.: An ill-assorted collection of poorly-matching parts, forming a distressing whole.
<KnaraKat> Bite me. * TheOne gets some salt, then proceeds to nibble on KnaraKat a little bit....
<KnaraKat> DalNet is like the special olympics of IRC. There's a lot of drooling goin' on and everyone is a 'winner'.
Knebel's Law: It is now proved beyond doubt that smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
"Kneel and deliver!" (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
<Knghtbrd> 2fort5 sucks enough to have its own gravity ...
<knghtbrd> add a GF2/3, a sizable hard drive, and a 15" flat panel and you've got a pretty damned portable machine. <Coderjoe> a GeForce Two-Thirds? <knghtbrd> Coderjoe: yes, a GeForce two-thirds, ie, any card from ATI.
<Knghtbrd> aggh! <Knghtbrd> MAKE IT STOP! <Knghtbrd> MAKE IT STOP!!
* Knghtbrd assigns 3 to Chris * variable wonders who else is named chris besides me <Knghtbrd> variable - you. => * Knghtbrd waits for variable to dramatically say "I feel SO used!" <variable> Knghtbrd: :) * variable ++ <variable> :)
<knghtbrd> but one sort per tab and none per list is arguably better than O(n + n**2) per tab and O(n**2) per list. <knghtbrd> OMG, someone shoot me. <Coderjoe2> ? <knghtbrd> I can't believe I just used the big goose-egg to explain why my way is probably best in the long run.
* knghtbrd can already envision: "Subject: [INTENT TO PREPARE TO PROPOSE FILING OF BUG REPORT] Typos in the policy document"
* Knghtbrd crosses his toes <Knghtbrd> (if I crossed my fingers it would be hard to type)
<Knghtbrd> CVS/Entries had the line I needed to "alter" <Mercury> Knghtbrd: Was about to mention such.. <G> <Mercury> Knghtbrd: Now, ready to commit? <Knghtbrd> wish me luck <Knghtbrd> Mercury: it's committed <Knghtbrd> Mercury: and after all that, I should be too.
* knghtbrd does the ET thing <knghtbrd> anybody got a speak-n-spell?
<knghtbrd> eek, not another one... <knghtbrd> Seems ever developer and their mother now has a random signature using irc quotes ... <knghtbrd> WHAT HAVE I STARTED HERE??
<Knghtbrd> Even with overbrights, Quake's color palette is full of dull, flat colors <LordHavoc> knghtbrd: quake's palette is very vibrant unless you use gamma correction <LordHavoc> well actually I agree, it's nowhere near as vibrant as Unreal <Deek> Q3 on the other hand...NEON. <LordHavoc> Q3 is just ridiculous <Deek> Q3 takes the medieval church-dungeon and puts it in Vegas.
<Knghtbrd> Feanor - license issues are important. If we don't watch our arses now, someone's gonna come up and bite us later...
<Knghtbrd> glDisable (GL_BUGS); <Endy> heh <Endy> Is that in 1.2? :)
<Knghtbrd> Granted, RMS is a fanatic, I don't deny this. I'll even say he's a royal pain in the arse most of the time. But he's still more often right than not, and he deserves some level of credit and respect for his work. We would NOT be here today without him.
<Knghtbrd> hardcopy is for wussies <Topher> computer program listings....next, on HardCopy
<knghtbrd> He's a about half the size of the others. <knghtbrd> But he's got a chainsaw.
<Knghtbrd> I can think of lots of people who need USER=ID10T someplace!
<Knghtbrd> I'd better put the incriminating stuff into code: ahfuiovka ikperoa edfr ade 9 enbuw ejasxleme ka iena df4mesa <Knghtbrd> If you can decrypt that, you're a better cryptographer than I am. =)
<knghtbrd> If charging someone for violation of US crypto laws would get you laughed out of court, just "investigate" them on hte charge of TREASON! <knghtbrd> Tea, anyone? <Espy> I'd rather drown politicians instead of tea :) <stu> espy: politicians have gills, duh <Espy> weasels don't have gills
<Knghtbrd> If I start writing essays about Free Software for slashdot, please shoot me.
<Knghtbrd> If we're both right (I'm guessing we are) I'm Not Very Happy. * Minupla hands you the understatement of the year award.
<Knghtbrd> Internet censorship. Because your children need to be protected from naked women, medical procedures, diverse cultures, and violent video games. <knghtbrd> (but information on building bombs, stealing cable, and manufacturing drugs is okay...)
<Knghtbrd> I really don't want much at all... Just a kind word, an attractive woman, and UNLIMITED BANDWIDTH!!
* knghtbrd is each day more convinced that most C++ coders don't know what the hell they're doing, which is why C++ has such a bad rep <Culus> kb: Most C coders don't know what they are doing, it just makes it easier to hide :P <Culus> see for instance, proftpd :P
* Knghtbrd is FAR too tempted to .sig this entire discussion...
* knghtbrd is gone - zzz - messages will be snapped like wet towels at all of the people who have stolen the trademark knghtbrd away message <Coderjoe> ack * Coderjoe prepares to defend himself from wet messages
<knghtbrd> is it a sign of mental illness to wander aimlessly through the start map, collect your Thunderbolt, hop in the pool, and gib yourself with it just to see your head buouce when it falls through the bottom of the pool? => <knghtbrd> "You know you're a Quake addict when ..."
<Knghtbrd> I SNEAK TO BUN <Knghtbrd> HELP ME FOR TO QUACK <Venom> kb: what the hell are you talking about? <Knghtbrd> bwahahaha.. It's a long story.
*** Knghtbrd is now known as SirKewLDooD *** Mercury kicked SirKewlDooD from #quakeforge (*WHACK*)
<Knghtbrd> it's 6am. I have been up 24 hours <Knghtbrd> Wake me up and risk life and limb. * Knghtbrd &; sleep <Tv> Okay everyone, we wait 10 minutes and then start flooding Knghtbrd with ^G's. Someone, hack root and cat /dev/urandom >/dev/dsp.
<Knghtbrd> It's a trackball for one <wichert> so it's not a rodent <wichert> it's a turd with a ball sticking out <wichert> which you fondle constantly
<knghtbrd> it's too bad most ancient unices are y2k compliant <|Rain|> too bad? <|Rain|> why, because people won't upgrade until 2038?
<Knghtbrd> it's too bad most old unices turned out y2k compliant <Knghtbrd> because it means people will STILL BE RUNNING THEM in 30 years =p <Knghtbrd> it would have been so much nicer if y2k effectively killed off hpux, aix, sunos, etc ;> <Espy> Knghtbrd: since when are PH-UX, aches, and solartus "old"?
<knghtbrd> "Java for the COBOL Programmer" <knghtbrd> who writes these things? <raptor> people on crack <raptor> and cobol programmers <raptor> :) <knghtbrd> that's redundant.
<Knghtbrd> JHM: I'm not putting quake in the kernel source <Knghtbrd> but we should put quake in the boot floppies to one-up Caldera's tetris game.. ;>
<knghtbrd> joeyh: I was down since midmorning yesterday and pacbell said this morning that AT&T was to blame and almost all of the state was down <rcw> dunno why people insist the internet can survive a nuclear holocaust when it can't survive a backhoe
<Knghtbrd> joeyh now has a terminal at the couch? <Knghtbrd> That guy is wired, I swear => <doogie> Knghtbrd: laptop <doogie> and I don't mean the cats.
<Knghtbrd> learn to love Window Maker. <Knghtbrd> a little NeXTStep is good for the soul.
<Knghtbrd> Leave it to manoj to call procmail "puny"
<Knghtbrd> mariab - don't think Debian hasn't had some very stupid and obvious bugs before <Knghtbrd> of course, we usually fix ours BEFORE we release =D
<Knghtbrd> mariab - I am a Debian developer. Red Hat is "the enemy" or something like that I guess.. Still, typecasting RH users as idiots or their distribution as completely broken by default is complete and total FUD.
<knghtbrd> Nintendo Declares GCN Most Popular Console Ever <knghtbrd> Who are they kidding? <Mercury> knghtbrd: Stock holders?
* Knghtbrd notes he has mashed potatoes for brains tonight <Valkyrie> yum, can I have some? <Knghtbrd> um ... * Knghtbrd hides from Valkyrie
<Knghtbrd> NOTE THAT THE ABOVE IS JUST AN OPINION AND SHOULD NOT BE TAKEN TO INCLUDE ANY MEASURE OF FACTUAL INFORMATION. THE SPEAKER DISCLAIMS EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE. DEAL WITH IT.
<Knghtbrd> Okay, you people have started talking about BSDM applications of network hardware... I think I'll run off and do something useful and Debianish and stay OUT of this one... <Knghtbrd> (for a change)
<Knghtbrd> Overfiend - BTW, after we've discovered X takes all of 1.4 GIGS to build, are you willing admit that X is bloatware? => <Overfiend> KB: there is a 16 1/2 minute gap in my answer <acf> knghtbrd: evidence exists that X is only the *2nd* worst windowing system ;)
* Knghtbrd pelts wichert with NERF darts * wichert notes there are no ICBM nerfs yet and ignores kngtbrd <Knghtbrd> wichert - just wait, after seeing the NERF gatling guns, ICBMs are not far off (just pump the damned thing for an hour or two is all...)
<knghtbrd> Program received signal SIGSEGV, Segmentation fault. <knghtbrd> 0x40095fb0 in memchr () from /lib/libc.so.6 <knghtbrd> (gdb) bt <knghtbrd> #0 0x40095fb0 in memchr () from /lib/libc.so.6 <knghtbrd> #1 0x0 in ?? () <knghtbrd> Well That's Really Helpful * knghtbrd trades gdb for a nice ouija board - it'll help more
<Knghtbrd> QF is going to get zipfile support today <Coderjoe> heh... infozip? <Knghtbrd> If I'm lucky yes <Deek> knghtbrd: You're kidding, right? ;) * Deek takes away Knghtbrd's crack pipe. ;)
<Knghtbrd> r0bert: in short, we're moving several things the client currently is responsible for telling the server into things the server checks for itself <Knghtbrd> If Neo says "There is no spoon", The Matrix will say "Oh yes there is---no cheating!" <hollis> But he knows kung fu... <Knghtbrd> Sure he does, but I have a rocket launcher.
<knghtbrd> rcw: Oh yay---I haven't been involved in a good flamewar in at least ... 5 minutes!
<Knghtbrd> RoboHak - okay, the patch isn't broken, but my brain apparently is <wc> that's nothing new (; <Knghtbrd> wc - hush. <Knghtbrd> =>
<Knghtbrd> shaleh - unclean is just WEIRD. <Espy> heh, unclean is cool <Knghtbrd> Espy - and weird. <Espy> yes, weird too
<knghtbrd> *snipsnip* <rcw> oh dear, is that the sound of fortune-database editing? <Joy> uh oh <knghtbrd> Yes =>
<knghtbrd> Solver_: add users who should be messing with sound to group audio.. Make sure the devices are all group audio (ls -l /dev/dsp will give you the fastest indication if it's probably set right) and build a kernel with sound support for your card <knghtbrd> OR optionally install alsa source and build modules for that with make-kpkg <knghtbrd> OR (not recommended) get and install evil OSS/Linux evil non-free evil binary only evil drivers---but those are evil. And did I mention that it's not recommended?
<Knghtbrd> Studies prove that research causes cancer in 43% of laboratory rats <CQ> knghtbrd- yeah, but 78% of those statistics are off by 52%...
<Knghtbrd> Subject: [GR PROPOSAL] Should we vote on trivial matters?
<Knghtbrd> "The currency collectors are offline." "I'm rerouting though the secondary couplings. If we re-align the phase manifold we should be able to use the plasma inductor matrix to manually launch a new cheesy spinoff series." * ShadwDrgn sighs <Phase> you leave my manifolds alone <Phase> !
<Knghtbrd> the problem with the GNU coding standards is they ASSUME that everyone in the world uses emacs.. If that were the case, free software would die because we would all have wrist problems like RMS by now and no longer be able to code. ;>
knghtbrd: there may be no spoon, but can you spot the vulnerability in eye_render_shiny_object.c?
<Knghtbrd> This font is starting to come out very nicely <stu> Knghtbrd: oh dear, are you hacking up another quake font in vi? :)
<knghtbrd> (tinc) <Espy> (ytitac) <knghtbrd> (ntinac) <Espy> (it) <knghtbrd> (in) * Espy notes talking in acr^Winitialisms is scary when the other side understands you
<Knghtbrd> Trust us, we know what we're doing... We may have no idea HOW we're doing it, but we know WHAT we're doing.
* Knghtbrd unleashes a pair of double barreled snurf guns and covers jesus with snurf darts <jesus> meany :P
<knghtbrd> Windoze CEMeNT: Now with CrackGuard(TM)! Never worry about unsightly cracks in Windoze CEMeNT again! CrackGuard(TM) is so powerful that the entire thing will crumble before it will crack. Order your $200 upgrade version today!
<Knghtbrd> xtifr - beware of james when he's off his medication =>
<Knghtbrd> Yorick: no problem with indexed color palettes for images, as long as you can pick the palette <Yorick> Obviously the people creating quake were colour-blind but that doesn't mean you have to be
<Knghtbrd> you know, Linux needs a platform game starring Tux <Knghtbrd> kinda Super Marioish, but with Tux and things like little cyber bugs and borgs and that sort of thing ... <Knghtbrd> And you have to jump past billgatus and hit the key to drop him into the lava and then you see some guy that looks like a RMS or someone say "Thank you for rescuing me Tux, but Linus Torvalds is in another castle!"
<Knghtbrd> you people are all insane. <Joey> knight: sure, that's why we work on Debian. <JHM> Knghtbrd: get in touch with your inner nutcase.
<Knghtbrd> "... you will more than likely see all kinds of compiler warnings scrolling by on the screen. These are normal and can be safely ignored." <LordHavoc> Knghtbrd: is that a note attached to some M$ code? <Knghtbrd> No, it's a note about a bunch of GNU stuff.
* Knghtktty is not going to ask how zucchini got into the discussion ...
* Knghtktty whispers sweet nothings to Thyla (stuff about compilers and graphics and ram upgrades and big hard drives...) <Thyla> oooooooooOOOOOOOOOO <Infinitas> Knghtktty: that's positively pornographic... * Thyla goes off into fits of ecstasy...
Knocked, you weren't in.
Knock Knock... (who's there?) Ether! (ether who?) Ether Bunny... Yea! [chorus] Yeay! Stay on the Happy side, always on the happy side, Stay on the Happy side of life! Bum bum bum bum bum bum You will feel no pain, as we drive you insane, So Stay on the Happy Side of life! Knock Knock... (who's there?) Anna! (anna who?) An another ether bunny... [chorus] Knock Knock... (who's there?) Stilla! (stilla who?) Still another ether bunny... [chorus] Knock Knock... (who's there?) Yetta! (yetta who?) Yet another ether bunny... [chorus] Knock Knock... (who's there?) Cargo! (cargo who?) Cargo beep beep and run over ether bunny... [chorus] Knock Knock... (who's there?) Boo! (boo who?) Don't Cry! Ether bunny be back next year! [chorus]
Knock, knock! Who's there? Sam and Janet. Sam and Janet who? Sam and Janet Evening...
Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers? GOOD!
Knowing Without taking a step outdoors You know the whole world; Without taking a peep out the window You know the colour of the sky. The more you experience, The less you know. The sage wanders without knowing, Looks without seeing, Accomplishes without acting.
Knowledge is power.
Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
knowledge, n.: Things you believe.
Knowledge, sir, should be free to all!
Knowledge without common sense is folly.
Know thyself. If you need help, call the C.I.A.
Know Thy User.
Know what I hate most? Rhetorical questions.
Knucklehead: "Knock, knock" Pee Wee: "Who's there?" Knucklehead: "Little ol' lady." Pee Wee: "Liddle ol' lady who?" Knucklehead: "I didn't know you could yodel"
Kramer's Law: You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.
<krogoth> Kgnghtbrd: I wouldn't kow, I see no need for a spellchecker yet <Knghtbrd> you were saying?
Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr): The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
<Kysh_> Joey: I'm on it right now.. 3 1.3Gb disks, 128M ram, dual 50Mhz (Up to quad 250Mhz) <Kysh_> The catch is that it pulls 110v at about 12A 8> <Culus> 12A! <Culus> Okay, my stove is 3000W, this sun is 1320W <Culus> DO YOU SEE A PROBLEM HERE <calc> a 1320W sun, that is like a hair dryer :)
Labor, n.: One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
Lackland's Laws: (1) Never be first. (2) Never be last. (3) Never volunteer for anything
Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
<LackOfKan> What are 'bots'? <``Erik> rsg is a bot, not a human, not a human usable client, just a bot. <``Erik> about the same as a quake bot, except irc bots are (usually) built to help, not shoot your ass full of holes
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
Lack of skill dictates economy of style.
lacteal fluid. canine with innovative maneuvers. galled saucepan does not reach 212 degrees Farenheit.
Lactomangulation, n.: Manhandling the "open here" spout on a milk carton so badly that one has to resort to using the "illegal" side.
La-dee-dee, la-dee-dah.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps, Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants, I come before you to stand behind you To tell you of something I know nothing about. Next Thursday (which is good Friday), There will be a convention held in the Women's Club which is strictly for Men. Admission is free, pay at the door, Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor. It was a summer's day in winter, And the snow was raining fast, As a barefoot boy with shoes on, Stood sitting in the grass. Oh, that bright day in the dead of night, Two dead men got up to fight. Three blind men to see fair play, Forty mutes to yell "Hooray"! Back to back, they faced each other, Drew their swords and shot each other. A deaf policeman heard the noise, Came and arrested those two dead boys.
Ladles and Jellyspoons! I come before you to stand behind you, To tell you something I know nothing about. Since next Thursday will be Good Friday, There will be a fathers' meeting, for mothers only. Wear your best clothes, if you don't have any, And please stay at home if you can possibly be there. Admission is free, please pay at the door. Have a seat on me: please sit on the floor. No matter where you manage to sit, The man in the balcony will certainly spit. We thank you for your unkind attention, And would now like to present our next act: "The Four Corners of the Round Table."
Lady Astor was giving a costume ball and Winston Churchill asked her what disguise she would recommend for him. She replied, "Why don't you come sober, Mr. Prime Minister?"
Ladybug, ladybug, Look to your stern! Your house is on fire, Your children will burn! So jump ye and sing, for The very first time The four lines above Have been put into rhyme.
Lady, lady, should you meet One whose ways are all discreet, One who murmurs that his wife Is the lodestar of his life, One who keeps assuring you That he never was untrue, Never loved another one... Lady, lady, better run!
Lady Luck brings added income today. Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Lady Ramkin's bosom rose and fell like an empire.
Laetrile is the pits.
Lake Erie died for your sins.
((lambda (foo) (bar foo)) (baz))
Lamonte Cranston once hired a new Chinese manservant. While describing his duties to the new man, Lamonte pointed to a bowl of candy on the coffee table and warned him that he was not to take any. Some days later, the new manservant was cleaning up, with no one at home, and decided to sample some of the candy. Just than, Cranston walked in, spied the manservant at the candy, and said: "Pardon me Choy, is that the Shadow's nugate you chew?"
Lancre operated on the feudal system, which was to say, everyone feuded all the time and handed on the fight to their descendants.
Landru! Guide us!
Langsam's Laws: (1) Everything depends. (2) Nothing is always. (3) Everything is sometimes.
Language is a virus from another planet.
"Language shapes the way we think, and determines what we can think about."
"Largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will serve to keep alive the interest and enthusiasm of the whole spectrum of society...It is justified because...the program can give a sense of shared adventure and achievement to the society at large."
Largest Number of Driving Test Failures By April 1970 Mrs. Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine times. In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300. She set the new record while driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield, Yorkshire. Disappointingly, she passed at the fortieth attempt (3 August 1970) but eight years later she showed some of her old magic when she was reported as saying that she still didn't like doing right-hand turns.
Larkinson's Law: All laws are basically false.
laser, n.: Failed death ray.
Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she lived with was made up of idiots. Remember? One of them was always getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to the farmhouse to alert the other ones. She'd whimper and tug at their sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: "Do you think something's wrong? Do you think she wants us to follow her? What is it, girl?", etc., as if this had never happened before, instead of every week. What with all the time these people spent pinned under the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever. They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the applications for.
Last guys don't finish nice.
Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone.
Last night I met upon the stair A little man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today. Gee how I wish he'd go away!
Last night the power went out. Good thing my camera had a flash.... The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
last|perl -pe '$_ x=/(..:..)...(.*)/&&"'$1'"ge$1&&"'$1'"lt$2' That's gonna be tough for Randal to beat... :-)
Last time I had intimate contact with another human being was rather a painful experience... I rather liked it... ;)
Last week's pet, this week's special.
Last year we drove across the country... We switched on the driving... every half mile. We had one cassette tape to listen to on the entire trip. I don't remember what it was.
Last yeer I kudn't spel Engineer. Now I are won.
`Lasu' Releases SAG 0.3 -- Freeware Book Takes Paves For New World Order by staff writers Helsinki, Finland, August 6, 1995 -- In a surprise movement, Lars ``Lasu'' Wirzenius today released the 0.3 edition of the ``Linux System Administrators' Guide''. Already an industry non-classic, the new version sports such overwhelming features as an overview of a Linux system, a completely new climbing session in a tree, and a list of acknowledgements in the introduction. The SAG, as the book is affectionately called, is one of the corner stones of the Linux Documentation Project. ``We at the LDP feel that we wouldn't be able to produce anything at all, that all our work would be futile, if it weren't for the SAG,'' says Matt Welsh, director of LDP, Inc. The new version is still distributed freely, now even with a copyright that allows modification. ``More dough,'' explains the author. Despite insistent rumors about blatant commercialization, the SAG will probably remain free. ``Even more dough,'' promises the author. The author refuses to comment on Windows NT and Windows 96 versions, claiming not to understand what the question is about. Industry gossip, however, tells that Bill Gates, co-founder and CEO of Microsoft, producer of the Windows series of video games, has visited Helsinki several times this year. Despite of this, Linus Torvalds, author of the word processor Linux with which the SAG was written, is not worried. ``We'll have world domination real soon now, anyway,'' he explains, ``for 1.4 at the lastest.'' ... [comp.os.linux.announce]
`Lasu' Releases SAG 0.3 -- Freeware Book Takes Paves For New World Order by staff writers ... The central Superhighway site called ``sunsite.unc.edu'' collapsed in the morning before the release. News about the release had been leaked by a German hacker group, Harmonious Hardware Hackers, who had cracked into the author's computer earlier in the week. They had got the release date wrong by one day, and caused dozens of eager fans to connect to the sunsite computer at the wrong time. ``No computer can handle that kind of stress,'' explained the mourning sunsite manager, Erik Troan. ``The spinning disks made the whole computer jump, and finally it crashed through the floor to the basement.'' Luckily, repairs were swift and the computer was working again the same evening. ``Thank God we were able to buy enough needles and thread and patch it together without major problems.'' The site has also installed a new throttle on the network pipe, allowing at most four clients at the same time, thus making a new crash less likely. ``The book is now in our Incoming folder'', says Troan, ``and you're all welcome to come and get it.'' [comp.os.linux.announce]
`Lasu' Releases SAG 0.3 -- Freeware Book Takes Paves For New World Order by staff writers ... The SAG is one of the major products developed via the Information Superhighway, the brain child of Al Gore, US Vice President. The ISHW is being developed with massive government funding, since studies show that it already has more than four hundred users, three years before the first prototypes are ready. Asked whether he was worried about the foreign influence in an expensive American Dream, the vice president said, ``Finland? Oh, we've already bought them, but we haven't told anyone yet. They're great at building model airplanes as well. And I can spell potato.'' House representatives are not mollified, however, wanting to see the terms of the deal first, fearing another Alaska. Rumors about the SAG release have imbalanced the American stock market for weeks. Several major publishing houses reached an all time low in the New York Stock Exchange, while publicly competing for the publishing agreement with Mr. Wirzenius. The negotiations did not work out, tough. ``Not enough dough,'' says the author, although spokesmen at both Prentice-Hall and Playboy, Inc., claim the author was incapable of expressing his wishes in a coherent form during face to face talks, preferring to communicate via e-mail. ``He kept muttering something about jiffies and pegs,'' they say. ... [comp.os.linux.announce]
Latin is a language, As dead as can be. First it killed the Romans, And now it's killing me.
Laugh, and the world ignores you. Crying doesn't help either.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Laugh at your problems; everybody else does.
Laughing at you is like drop-kicking a wounded humming bird.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
Laugh when you can; cry when you must.
"Laugh while you can, monkey-boy."
Laundry is the fifth dimension!! ... um ... um ... th' washing machine is a black hole and the pink socks are bus drivers who just fell in!!
<LauraDax> !seen god <Tabi-> LauraDax, I don't remember seeing "god"
Laura's Law: No child throws up in the bathroom.
Lavish spending can be disastrous. Don't buy any lavishes for a while.
Lawful Dungeon Master -- and they're MY laws!
Law of Communications: The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased area of misunderstanding.
Law of Continuity: Experiments should be reproducible. They should all fail the same way.
Law of Procrastination: Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that there is nothing important to do.
Law of Selective Gravity: An object will fall so as to do the most damage. Jenning's Corollary: The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet. Law of the Perversity of Nature: You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
Law of the Jungle: He who hesitates is lunch.
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
Laws are like sausages. It's better not to see them being made.
Laws of Computer Programming: (1) Any given program, when running, is obsolete. (2) Any given program costs more and takes longer. (3) If a program is useful, it will have to be changed. (4) If a program is useless, it will have to be documented. (5) Any given program will expand to fill all available memory. (6) The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output. (7) Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who must maintain it.
Laws of Serendipity: (1) In order to discover anything, you must be looking for something. (2) If you wish to make an improved product, you must already be engaged in making an inferior one.
Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
lawsuit, n.: A machine which you go into as a pig and come out as a sausage.
Lawyer's Rule: When the law is against you, argue the facts. When the facts are against you, argue the law. When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.
Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
Lazlo's Chinese Relativity Axiom: No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats -- approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
LBJ, LBJ, how many JOKES did you tell today??!
Lead by Following The river carves out the valley by flowing beneath it. Thereby the river is the master of the valley. In order to master people One must speak as their servant; In order to lead people One must follow them. So when the sage rises above the people, They do not feel oppressed; And when the sage stands before the people, They do not feel hindered. So the popularity of the sage does not fail, He does not contend, and no one contends against him.
Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it; what is happening in America is that those parades are getting smaller and smaller -- and there are many more of them.
Lead me not into temptation... I can find it myself.
"Lead us in a few words of silent prayer."
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.
Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.
learning curve, n.: An astonishing new theory, discovered by management consultants in the 1970's, asserting that the more you do something the quicker you can do it.
Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and everything else follows in the same way.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
Leave bigotry in your quarters; there's no room for it on the bridge.
Leave no stone unturned.
Lee's Law: Mother said there would be days like this, but she never said that there'd be so many!
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Legislated Nostalgia: To force a body of people to have memories they do not actually possess: "How can I be a part of the 1960s generation when I don't even remember any of it?" Culture"
Legislation proposed in the Illinois State Legislature, May, 1907: "Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour unless the motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a drink in 30 days, when the driver will be permitted to make what he can."
Leibowitz's Rule: When hammering a nail, you will never hit your finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.
Lemma: All horses are the same color. Proof (by induction): Case n = 1: In a set with only one horse, it is obvious that all horses in that set are the same color. Case n = k: Suppose you have a set of k+1 horses. Pull one of these horses out of the set, so that you have k horses. Suppose that all of these horses are the same color. Now put back the horse that you took out, and pull out a different one. Suppose that all of the k horses now in the set are the same color. Then the set of k+1 horses are all the same color. We have k true => k+1 true; therefore all horses are the same color. Theorem: All horses have an infinite number of legs. Proof (by intimidation): Everyone would agree that all horses have an even number of legs. It is also well-known that horses have forelegs in front and two legs in back. 4 + 2 = 6 legs, which is certainly an odd number of legs for a horse to have! Now the only number that is both even and odd is infinity; therefore all horses have an infinite number of legs. However, suppose that there is a horse somewhere that does not have an infinite number of legs. Well, that would be a horse of a different color; and by the Lemma, it doesn't exist.
Lemmings don't grow older, they just die.
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
Leona, I want to CONFESS things to you ... I want to WRAP you in a SCARLET ROBE trimmed with POLYVINYL CHLORIDE ... I want to EMPTY your ASHTRAYS ...
<LeoNerd> defc0n-: Make sure to use a nice tight knot, so your joined thread doesn't fall apart <Somni> thread jokes, how droll * LeoNerd grins "I have a whole stack of them waiting here.." <defc0n-> C jokes are worse, a la if (malloc(sizeof(yourmom_t)) == NULL) printf("error: mom too fat\n"); <idiotben> joke? hell that’s good logic! =P Your <idiotben> Your momma so fat, the bitch needs PAE to fit in memory w/o using up swap <idiotben> yo momma so fat, your dad has to run RHEL4's "hugemem" kernel <idiotben> your mom is sooooo fat! everyone she comes in contact with has a buffer overflow! <LeoNerd> … she needs 64k cluster size? <LeoNerd> (going for a combined fat/FAT joke there)
Leslie West heads for the sticks, to Providence, Rhode Island and tries to hide behind a beard. No good. There are still too many people and too many stares, always taunting, always smirking. He moves to the outskirts of town. He finds a place to live -- huge mansion, dirt cheap, caretaker included. He plugs in his guitar and plays as loud as he wants, day and night, and there's no one to laugh or boo or even look bored. Nobody's cut the grass in months. What's happened to that caretaker? What neighborhood people there are start to talk, and what kids there are start to get curious. A 13 year-old blond with an angelic face misses supper. Before the summer's end, four more teenagers have disappeared. The senior class president, Barnard-bound come autumn, tells Mom she's going out to a movie one night and stays out. The town's up in arms, but just before the police take action, the kids turn up. They've found a purpose. They go home for their stuff and tell the folks not to worry but they'll be going now. They're in a band.
Less is more or less more
Lessness: A philosophy whereby one reconciles oneself with diminishing expectations of material wealth: "I've given up wanting to make a killing or be a bigshot. I just want to find happiness and maybe open up a little roadside cafe in Idaho." Culture"
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
L'etat c'est moi. [I am the state.]
"Let every man teach his son, teach his daughter, that labor is honorable."
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
Let me assure you that to us here at First National, you're not just a number. Youre two numbers, a dash, three more numbers, another dash and another number.
Let me do my TRIBUTE to FISHNET STOCKINGS ...
"Let me guess, Ed. Pentescostal, right?" "Nope. Charismatic (I think - I've given up on what all those pesky labels mean)." "Same difference - all zeal and feel, averaging less than one working brain cell per congregation. Starcap'n Ra, you pegged him. Good work!"
Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments. Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds, Or bends with the remover to remove: O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark, That looks on tempests and is never shaken; It is the star to every wandering bark, Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken. Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle's compass come; Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom. If this be error and upon me proved, I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Let me take you a button-hole lower.
Let no guilty man escape.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
Let's all show human CONCERN for REVERAND MOON's legal difficulties!!
Let's call it an accidental feature. --Larry Wall
Let's do it.
Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.
"Let's just say that if complete and utter chaos was lightning, he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'All gods are bastards'." (Terry Pratchett, The Colour of Magic)
Let sleeping dogs lie.
"Let's not be too tough on our own ignorance. It's the thing that makes America great. If America weren't incomparably ignorant, how could we have tolerated the last eight years?"
Let's not complicate our relationship by trying to communicate with each other.
Let's organize this thing and take all the fun out of it.
Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
Let's say the docs present a simplified view of reality... :-)
Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick your hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as Mental Anguish. You would sue: * The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls in there". * The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious cretin like yourself. * Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you a large cash settlement anyway.
Let's see, now... in HOGFATHER there are a number of stabbings, someone's killed by a man made of knives, someone's killed by the dark, and someone just been killed by a wardrobe. It's a book about the magic of childhood. You can tell.
Let's send the Russians defective lifestyle accessories!
"Let's show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown!"
Let the machine do the dirty work.
Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way they can. I'm sick of the job. It's a thankless one and full of grief.
Let us be charitable, and call it a misleading feature :-)
"Let us condemn to hellfire all those who disagree with us."
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Let us go then you and I while the night is laid out against the sky like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie. "Nice poem Tom. I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?"
Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets, The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells: Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question... Oh, do not ask, "What is it?"
Let us live!!! Let us love!!! Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!!! You first.
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.
Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around us in awareness.
Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.
Let us, then, fellow citizens, unite with one heart and one mind. Let us restore to social intercourse that harmony and affection without which liberty and even life itself are but dreary things. And let us reflect that having banished from our land that religious intolerance under which mankind so long bled, we have yet gained little if we countenance a political intolerance as despotic, as wicked, and capable of a bitter and bloody persecutions.
Let us treat men and women well; Treat them as if they were real; Perhaps they are.
Let your conscience be your guide.
leverage, n.: Even if someone doesn't care what the world thinks about them, they always hope their mother doesn't find out.
Leveraging always beats prototyping.
Lewis's Law of Travel: The first piece of luggage out of the chute doesn't belong to anyone, ever.
* LG loves czech girls. <vincent> LG: do they have additional interesting "features" other girls don't have? ;)
L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
Liar, n.: A lawyer with a roving commission.
Liar: one who tells an unpleasant truth.
Liberals target Christians instead of Muslims for the same reason that PETA targets women wearing fur instead of biker gangs wearing leather... It's all about who it is easier to intimidate.
Liberals target Christians instead of Muslims for the same reason that PETA targets women wearing fur instead of biker gangs wearing leather… It's all about who it is easier to intimidate.
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
Libtool shared library portability is only slightly more believable than perpetual motion machines. Especially on AIX :)."
Licensed and bonded.
Lieberman's Law: Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
Lie, n.: A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered to date.
Lies! All lies! You're all lying against my boys!
"Life and death are seldom logical." "But attaining a desired goal always is."
"Life begins when you can spend your spare time programming instead of watching television."
Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
Life can be so tragic -- you're here today and here tomorrow.
Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth. It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.
Life. Don't talk to me about life.
Life exists for no known purpose.
Life gets boring, someone invents another necessity, and once again we turn the crank on the screwjack of progress hoping that nobody gets screwed.
Life in the state of nature is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.
Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.
Life is a concentration camp. You're stuck here and there's no way out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
Life is a game. In order to have a game, something has to be more important than something else. If what already is, is more important than what isn't, the game is over. So, life is a game in which what isn't, is more important than what is. Let the good times roll.
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.
Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.
"Life is a garment we continuously alter, but which never seems to fit."
Life is a grand adventure -- or it is nothing.
Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.
Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to change his bed.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Life is a POPULARITY CONTEST! I'm REFRESHINGLY CANDID!!
Life is a process, not a principle, a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved. Herbert??)
Life is a series of rude awakenings.
Life is a serious burden, which no thinking, humane person would wantonly inflict on someone else.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease with 100% mortality.
Life is a strange thing. Just when you think you learned how to use it, it’s gone.
Life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
Life is both difficult and time-consuming.
Life is cheap, but the accessories can kill you.
Life is difficult because it is non-linear.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.
Life is full of concepts that are poorly defined. In fact, there are very few concepts that aren't. It's hard to think of any in non-technical fields.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?
Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.
Life is like a 10 speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use.
Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it. You have to eat it nevertheless.
"Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it."
Life is like a diaper -- short and loaded.
Life is like an analogy.
Life is like an egg stain on your chin -- you can lick it, but it still won't go away.
Life is like an onion: you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Life is like a simile.
Life is like a tin of sardines. We're, all of us, looking for the key.
Life is like bein' on a mule team. Unless you're the lead mule, all the scenery looks about the same.
Life is not for everyone.
Life is NP-hard, and then you die.
Life is one long struggle in the dark.
Life is the childhood of our immortality.
Life is the living you do, Death is the living you don't do.
Life is the urge to ecstasy.
"Life is too important to take seriously."
Life is too short to be taken seriously.
Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
Life is wasted on the living.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
Life -- Love It or Leave It.
Life may have no meaning, or, even worse, it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.
life, n.: A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
life, n.: Learning about people the hard way -- by being one.
life, n.: That brief interlude between nothingness and eternity.
Life only demands from you the strength you possess. Only one feat is possible -- not to have run away.
Life's the same, except for the shoes.
"Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all...."
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
"Life sucks, but it's better than the alternative."
Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
"Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it weren't for other people"
Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
Lift every voice and sing Till earth and heaven ring, Ring with the harmonies of Liberty; Let our rejoicing rise High as the listening skies, Let it resound loud as the rolling sea. Sing a song full of the faith that the dark past has taught us. Sing a song full of the hope that the present has bought us. Facing the rising sun of our new day begun, Let us march on till victory is won.
Lighten up, while you still can, Don't even try to understand, Just find a place to make your stand, And take it easy.
lighthouse, n.: A tall building on the seashore in which the government maintains a lamp and the friend of a politician.
<liiwi> so, what's the official way to get buildd to retry a package? prod it with a stick? <Joey> prod neuro <liiwi> with a stick? <Joey> yes.
* liiwi takes the whip and eyes pasc < pasc> ohh!!! kinky! < pasc> how convenient, I was just about to call in sick at work ;-)
<liiwi> udp - universal dropping of an pigeon
Like an expensive sports car, fine-tuned and well-built, Portia was sleek, shapely, and gorgeous, her red jumpsuit moulding her body, which was as warm as seatcovers in July, her hair as dark as new tires, her eyes flashing like bright hubcaps, and her lips as dewy as the beads of fresh rain on the hood; she was a woman driven -- fueled by a single accelerant -- and she needed a man, a man who wouldn't shift from his views, a man to steer her along the right road: a man like Alf Romeo. The hair ball blocking the drain of the shower reminded Laura she would never see her little dog Pritzi again. It could have been an organically based disturbance of the brain -- perhaps a tumor or a metabolic deficiency -- but after a thorough neurological exam it was determined that Byron was simply a jerk. Winners in the 7th Annual Bulwer-Lytton Bad Writing Contest. The contest is named after the author of the immortal lines: "It was a dark and stormy night." The object of the contest is to write the opening sentence of the worst possible novel.
Like corn in a field I cut you down, I threw the last punch way too hard, After years of going steady, well, I thought it was time, To throw in my hand for a new set of cards. And I can't take you dancing out on the weekend, I figured we'd painted too much of this town, And I tried not to look as I walked to my wagon, And I knew then I had lost what should have been found, I knew then I had lost what should have been found. And I feel like a bullet in the gun of Robert Ford I'm as low as a paid assassin is You know I'm cold as a hired sword. I'm so ashamed we can't patch it up, You know I can't think straight no more You make me feel like a bullet, honey, a bullet in the gun of Robert Ford.
Like I always say -- nothing can beat the BRATWURST here in DUSSELDORF!!
Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be? And if, y'know, if I'm not like fer anyone else, then hey, I mean, what am I? And if not now, like I dunno, maybe like when? And if not Who, then I dunno, maybe like the Rolling Stones? attributed to Rabbi Hillel.)
Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer. It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that. On the other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their religions.
Like punning, programming is a play on words.
Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
like: When being alive at the same time is a wonderful coincidence.
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions, wins few friends, Germans excepted.
Like ya know? Rock 'N Roll is an esoteric language that unlocks the creativity chambers in people's brains, and like totally activates their essential hipness, which of course is like totally necessary for saving the earth, like because the first thing in saving this world, is getting rid of stupid and square attitudes and having fun.
Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's place in the Scheme of Things. Here are just a few: Q -- Is there life after death? A -- Definitely. I speak from personal experience here. On New Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian", then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful headache. Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead. I guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
<lilo> Fairlight: udp is the light margarine of tcp/ip transport protocols :)
* lilo hereby declares OPN a virtual pain in the ass :)
<lilo> I can read the bloody *manual* as if it were some sort of religious tract describing forms of enlightenment you can achieve after 10 years on a mountain :)
<lilo> it's weird, when you go on a safari to Africa to catch a lion, you find it alive and it charges, and then you kill it <lilo> when you go on a safari to South Bay to find a Palm Vx, you find it dead and take it home and it charges after it arrives :)
<lilo> I've always wanted to have a web site with a big picture of a carrot on it
<lilo> "PLEASE RESPECT INTELLECTUAL RIGHTS!" <lilo> "Please demonstrate intellect." ;)
LILO, you've got me on my knees! Dominos, and Werner Almsberger
Limitations on coverage and remedies apply.
Limitation Who recognizes his limitations is healthy; Who ignores his limitations is sick. The sage recognizes this sickness as a limitation. And so becomes immune.
Limited delivery area.
Limited time offer, call now to ensure prompt delivery.
Limitless The Way is a limitless vessel; Used by the self, it is not filled by the world; It cannot be cut, knotted, dimmed or stilled; Its depths are hidden, ubiquitous and eternal; I don't know where it comes from; It comes before nature.
<LIM> mmmm, multitextured donuts.... <knghtbrd> LIM: with fruit filling? <LIM> knghtbrd: chocolate cream...
Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!" Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged. Until he died, and so reached that vicinity: in it he found that the damned things diverged.
Linus: Hi! I thought it was you. I've been watching you from way off... You're looking great! Snoopy: That's nice to know. The secret of life is to look good at a distance.
Linus: I guess it's wrong always to be worrying about tomorrow. Maybe we should think only about today. Charlie Brown: No, that's giving up. I'm still hoping that yesterday will get better.
Linus' Law: There is no heavier burden than a great potential.
Linus Torvalds: > This is the special Easter release of linux, more mundanely called 1.3.84 Winfried Truemper: > Umh, oh. What do you mean by "special easter release"?. Will it quit > working today and rise on easter?
Linus? Whose that?
Linux: because a PC is a terrible thing to waste
Linux: Because Software Problems Should Not Cost Money.
Linux - Das System fuer schlaue Maedchen ;)
Linux ext2fs has been stable for a long time, now it's time to break it
Linux Genuine Advantage™ is an exciting and mandatory new way for you to place your computer under the remote control of an untrusted third party! According to an independent study conducted by some scientists, many users of Linux are running non-Genuine versions of their operating system. This puts them at the disadvantage of having their computers work normally, without periodically phoning home unannounced to see if it's OK for their computer to continue functioning. These users are also missing out on the Advantage of paying ongoing licensing fees to ensure their computer keeps operating properly. To remedy this, we have created a new program available as a required free download: Linux Genuine Advantage™! Finally! Linux users can experience a feature that until now remained the exclusive domain of proprietary software. Once you've installed Linux Genuine Advantage™, you'll want to register and send in your licensing fees to receive these important benefits: * Your computer, which worked just fine before, will continue functioning normally! * Our software which you just installed will not disable logins on your computer (as long as our license server keeps working properly)! * It's totally awesome! We might not raise the yearly licensing fees in the future! Plus, if you act now, we promise not to launch unfounded lawsuits against you, slander you or our competitors in the press and the courts (possibly by using other smaller companies as pawns), or require you to pay us for software you won't use on every new computer you buy!
Linux! Guerrilla UNIX Development Venimus, Vidimus, Dolavimus.
Linux is addictive, I'm hooked!
> Linux is not user-friendly. It _is_ user-friendly. It is not ignorant-friendly and idiot-friendly.
Linux is obsolete
Linux poses a real challenge for those with a taste for late-night hacking (and/or conversations with God).
...[Linux's] capacity to talk via any medium except smoke signals.
Linux supports the notion of a command line or a shell for the same reason that only children read books with only pictures in them. Language, be it English or something else, is the only tool flexible enough to accomplish a sufficiently broad range of tasks.
Linux: the choice of a GNU generation
Linux: the operating system with a CLUE... Command Line User Environment.
Linux: The OS people choose without $200,000,000 of persuasion.
Linux, the way to get rid of boot viruses
... Linux und seine Programme sind damit so etwas wie ein real existierender Sozialismus der besseren Art ...
... Linux und seine Programme sind damit so etwas wie ein real existierender Sozialismus der besseren Art...
* Linux Viruscan..... Windows 95 found. Remove it? (Y/y)
"Linux was made by foreign terrorists to take money from true US companies like Microsoft." - Some AOL'er. "To this end we dedicate ourselves..." -Don
Linux: Where Don't We Want To Go Today?
Linux - Where do you want to fly today?
Lispers are among the best grads of the Sweep-It-Under-Someone-Else's-Carpet School of Simulated Simplicity. [Was that sufficiently incendiary? :-)]
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Lisp Machine is Fun. Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Fun for everyone.
Lisp Users: Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.
lisp, v.: To call a spade a thpade.
List at least two alternate dates.
List current at time of printing.
List each check separately by bank number.
Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out the right thing to do. Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing, but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the right thing to do and what is the right way to do it. That is the problem. But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President. This is an economy that is made up of 173 million people, and it reflects their desires, they're ready to buy, they're ready to spend, it is a thing that is too complex and too big to be affected adversely or advantageously just by a few words or any particular -- say, a little this and that, or even a panacea so alleged. been lacking in courage and boldness in facing up to the recession?"
List was current at time of printing.
Literature is mostly about having sex and not much about having children. Life is the other way around.
Littering is dumb.
"Little else matters than to write good code."
Little Fly, Thy summer's play If thought is life My thoughtless hand And strength & breath, Has brush'd away. And the want Of thought is death, Am not I A fly like thee? Then am I Or art not thou A happy fly A man like me? If I live Or if I die. For I dance And drink & sing, Till some blind hand Shall brush my wing.
Little known fact about Middle Earth: The Hobbits had a very sophisticated computer network! It was a Tolkien Ring...
"Little prigs and three-quarter madmen may have the conceit that the laws of nature are constantly broken for their sakes."
Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
Live free or die.
Live Free or Live in Massachusettes.
Live from New York ... It's Saturday Night!
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Live long and prosper.
Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
"Live or die, I'll make a million." Firesign Theater
Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from. And when you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee.
Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
Living in New York City gives people real incentives to want things that nobody else wants.
Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat like having bees live in your head. But, there they are.
Living on Earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the Sun.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
<liw> damn, the autonomous mouse movement starts usually after I use a mouse button <wichert> don't use a mouse button then :) <liw> yeah, right :)
* liw prefers not to have Linus run Debian, because then /me would have to run Red Hat, just to keep the power balance :)
Lizzie Borden took an axe, And plunged it deep into the VAX; Don't you envy people who Do all the things YOU want to do?
LOAD "LINUX",8,1
Loan-department manager: "There isn't any fine print. At these interest rates, we don't need it."
Lobster: Everyone loves these delectable crustaceans, but many cooks are squeamish about placing them into boiling water alive, which is the only proper method of preparing them. Frankly, the easiest way to eliminate your guilt is to establish theirs by putting them on trial before they're cooked. The fact is, lobsters are among the most ferocious predators on the sea floor, and you're helping reduce crime in the reefs. Grasp the lobster behind the head, look it right in its unmistakably guilty eyestalks and say, "Where were you on the night of the 21st?", then flourish a picture of a scallop or a sole and shout, "Perhaps this will refresh that crude neural apparatus you call a memory!" The lobster will squirm noticeably. It may even take a swipe at you with one of its claws. Incorrigible. Pop it into the pot. Justice has been served, and shortly you and your friends will be, too. Utensils into Excuses and Apologies"
"...Local prohibitions cannot block advances in military and commercial technology... Democratic movements for local restraint can only restrain the world's democracies, not the world as a whole."
Lockwood's Long Shot: The chances of getting eaten up by a lion on Main Street aren't one in a million, but once would be enough.
... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and legally ... impeccable!
"Logic and practical information do not seem to apply here." "You admit that?" "To deny the facts would be illogical, Doctor"
Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
Logicians have but ill defined As rational the human kind. Logic, they say, belongs to man, But let them prove it if they can.
Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells *awful*.
Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!
LOGO for the Dead LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from "The Other Side." The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board. Then, using Logo's graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this side of the Great Beyond to write programs. The software requires that your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then interfaced to your computer. A special terminal (very terminal) program lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic Bulletin Board System). LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
Lo! Men have become the tool of their tools.
Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.
Lonely is a man without love.
Lonesome? Like a change? Like a new job? Like excitement? Like to meet new and interesting people? JUST SCREW-UP ONE MORE TIME!!!!!!!
Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL character named Jack. Jack and his relations were poor. Often their hash table was bare. One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices are sparse. You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some BASICs." She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it to him. So Jack set out. But as he was walking along a Hamilton path, he met the traveling salesman. "Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman in high-level language. "I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips and Apples," commented Jack. "I have a much better algorithm. You needn't join a queue there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now." Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house. But when he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she started thrashing. "Don't you even have any artificial intelligence? All these kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the window...
Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
- long f_ffree; /* free file nodes in fs */ + long f_ffree; /* freie Dateiknoten im Dateisystem */
Long life is in store for you.
Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his pain and his aloneness without regret?
Loni Anderson's hair should be LEGALIZED!!
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Look! A ladder! Maybe it leads to heaven, or a sandwich!
Look at it this way: Your daughter just named the fresh turkey you brought home "Cuddles", so you're going out to buy a canned ham. And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?
Look at it this way: Your wife's spending $280 a month on meditation lessons to forget $26,000 of college education. And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?
Look! Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.
Look before you leap.
Look DEEP into the OPENINGS!! Do you see any ELVES or EDSELS ... or a HIGHBALL?? ...
Look ere ye leap.
Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
Look, I'm about to buy me a double barreled sawed off shotgun and show Linus what I think about backspace and delete not working.
Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode into the saloon. As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'! Run fer yer lives!" Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open. An enormous man, standing over eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a rattlesnake for a whip. Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!" The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar. He then stood aghast as the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and smacked his lips with relish. "Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered. "Naw, I gotta git outa here, boy," the man grunted. "Big Mike's a-comin'."
Look into my eyes and try to forget that you have a Macy's charge card!
Look out! Behind you!
LOOK!! Sullen American teens wearing MADRAS shorts and "Flock of Seagulls" HAIRCUTS!
Look, that's why there's rules, understand? So that you *think* before you break 'em.
"Look! There! Evil!.. pure and simple, total evil from the Eighth Dimension!"
Look, we play the Star Spangled Banner before every game. You want us to pay income taxes, too?
Look, we trade every day out there with hustlers, deal-makers, shysters, con-men. That's the way businesses get started. That's the way this country was built.
Loose bits sink chips.
Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
<LordHavoc> the majority of windoze artists do not have the ability to save xpm <Mercury> LordHavoc: They don't have notepad? *G,D&R*
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
Lost: gray and white female cat. Answers to electric can opener.
Lost interest? It's so bad I've lost apathy.
Lost ticket pays maximum rate.
Lots of folks are forced to skimp to support a government that won't.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Lots of people drink from the wrong bottle sometimes. stardate unknown
Loud burping while walking around the airport is prohibited in Halstead, Kansas.
Louie Louie, me gotta go Louie Louie, me gotta go Fine little girl she waits for me Me catch the ship for cross the sea Me sail the ship all alone Three nights and days me sail the sea Me never thinks me make it home Me think of girl constantly (chorus) On the ship I dream she there I smell the rose in her hair Me see Jamaica moon above (chorus, guitar solo) It won't be long, me see my love I take her in my arms and then Me tell her I never leave again
Love America -- or give it back.
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the world has ever seen.
Love cannot be much younger than the lust for murder.
Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay. Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
Love is a grave mental disease.
Love is always open arms. With arms open you allow love to come and go as it wills, freely, for it will do so anyway. If you close your arms about love you'll find you are left only holding yourself.
"Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished."
"Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come." --Matt Groening
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra, which suddenly flips over, pinning you underneath. At night the ice weasels come.
Love is being stupid together.
Love is dope, not chicken soup. I mean, love is something to be passed around freely, not spooned down someone's throat for their own good by a Jewish mother who cooked it all by herself.
Love is in the offing.
Love is in the offing. Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
Love is never asking why?
Love is not enough, but it sure helps.
Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.
Love is sentimental measles.
Love is staying up all night with a sick child, or a healthy adult.
Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Love IS what it's cracked up to be.
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
Love makes the world go 'round, with a little help from intrinsic angular momentum.
"Love may fail, but courtesy will prevail."
Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.
Love means never having to say you're sorry. That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
Love means nothing to a tennis player.
love, n.: Love ties in a knot in the end of the rope.
love, n.: When, if asked to choose between your lover and happiness, you'd skip happiness in a heartbeat.
love, n.: When it's growing, you don't mind watering it with a few tears.
love, n.: When you don't want someone too close--because you're very sensitive to pleasure.
love, n.: When you like to think of someone on days that begin with a morning.
Love sometimes expresses itself in sacrifice.
Love tells us many things that are not so.
Love -- the last of the serious diseases of childhood.
Love the sea? I dote upon it -- from the beach.
Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.
love, v.: I'll let you play with my life if you'll let me play with yours.
Love, which is quickly kindled in a gentle heart, seized this one for the fair form that was taken from me-and the way of it afflicts me still. Love, which absolves no loved one from loving, seized me so strongly with delight in him, that, as you see, it does not leave me even now. Love brought us to one death.
"Love your country but never trust its government."
Love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
Love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge.
Lowery's Law: If it jams -- force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
lp1 on fire
<Lubaf> “yo dawg, we heard you like recursion, so we put a yo dawg, we heard you like recursion, so we put a yo dawg, we heard you like recursion…” <rindolf> Lubaf: :-) <Lubaf> Further variation: “yo dawg, we heard you don’t like fractals.”
Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology: There's always one more bug.
<luca> and those that say: fibre cables have a minimum bend radius and pull tension? bah! *yank* <Culus> IT'S FIBER YOU FREAKS :P <luca> culus, you hoser, it's fibre. am I gonna have to come over the mountains and give you a wedgie?
Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable British automotive electrical systems. Professionals call the company "The Prince of Darkness". Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground. The British don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do. The British drink warm beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.
Lucas' Law: Good will always win, because evil hires the _stupid_ engineers.
Luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young.
"Luck is my middle name," said Rincewind, indistinctly. "Mind you, my first name is Bad."
Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
Lucy: Dance, dance, dance. That is all you ever do. Can't you be serious for once? Snoopy: She is right! I think I had better think of the more important things in life! (pause) Tomorrow!!
"Luke, I'm yer father, eh. Come over to the dark side, you hoser."
Luke, I'm yer father, eh. Come over to the dark side, you hoser.
Lunatic Asylum, n.: The place where optimism most flourishes.
<lux> if macOS is for the computer illiterate, then windoze is for the computer masochists
Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
"Lying lips are abomination to the Lord; but they that deal truly are his delight. A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger. He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto him. Be not a witness against thy neighbor without cause; and deceive not with thy lips. Death and life are in the power of the tongue."
* m2 stares at the monitor... it looks like a hamburger... <Knghtbrd> m2 - that's a bad sign
Ma Bell is a mean mother!
Mac Airways: The cashiers, flight attendants and pilots all look the same, feel the same and act the same. When asked questions about the flight, they reply that you don't want to know, don't need to know and would you please return to your seat and watch the movie.
Mac Beer: At first, came only a 16-oz. can, but now comes in a 32-oz. can. Considered by many to be a "light" beer. All the cans look identical. When you take one from the fridge, it opens itself. The ingredients list is not on the can. If you call to ask about the ingredients, you are told that "you don't need to know." A notice on the side reminds you to drag your empties to the trashcan.
"MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thoughts."
Machine Always Crashes, If Not, The Operating System Hangs (MACINTOSH)
Machine-Independent, adj.: Does not run on any existing machine.
Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate, and play games -- but not with pleasure.
Machines have less problems. I'd like to be a machine.
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the repairman arrives.
"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years." "What about X?" "I said `intellectual'." ;login, 9/1990
MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator? Never heard of that.
Mad, adj.: Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence ...
Madame Tracy had even removed most of the Major Arcana from her Tarot card pack, because their appearance tended to upset people.
<Madax> ahh <Madax> a gathering of geeks.... <Madax> I can smell it now
Made with real ingredients.
Madison's Inquiry: If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
Madness has no purpose. Or reason. But it may have a goal.
Madness takes its toll.
MAFIA, n: [Acronym for Mechanized Applications in Forced Insurance Accounting.] An extensive network with many on-line and offshore subsystems running under OS, DOS, and IOS. MAFIA documentation is rather scanty, and the MAFIA sales office exhibits that testy reluctance to bona fide inquiries which is the hallmark of so many DP operations. From the little that has seeped out, it would appear that MAFIA operates under a non-standard protocol, OMERTA, a tight-lipped variant of SNA, in which extended handshakes also perform complex security functions. The known timesharing aspects of MAFIA point to a more than usually autocratic operating system. Screen prompts carry an imperative, nonrefusable weighting (most menus offer simple YES/YES options, defaulting to YES) that precludes indifference or delay. Uniquely, all editing under MAFIA is performed centrally, using a powerful rubout feature capable of erasing files, filors, filees, and entire nodal aggravations.
Magary's Principle: When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do the cutting, and the public's services are cut.
> <magical +3 sigh of hyperbole deflection> The branden dodges your magical sigh. The branden attacks you with a slew of words! The branden misses!
Magically turning people's old scalar contexts into list contexts is a recipe for several kinds of disaster.
Magic is always the best solution -- especially reliable magic.
Magnet, n.: Something acted upon by magnetism. Magnetism, n.: Something acting upon a magnet. The two definition immediately foregoing are condensed from the works of one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject with a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human knowledge.
Magnocartic, adj.: Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
Magpie, n.: A bird whose theivish disposition suggested to someone that it might be taught to talk.
Magrat was annoyed. She was also frightened, which made her even more annoyed. It was hard for people when Magrat was annoyed. It was like being attacked by damp tissue.
Maier's Law: If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of. Corollaries: (1) The bigger the theory, the better. (2) The experiment may be considered a success if no more than 50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to obtain a correspondence with the theory.
Main's Law: For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
"Maintain an awareness for contribution -- to your schedule, your project, our company."
Maintainer's Motto: If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.
Maj. Bloodnok: Seagoon, you're a coward! Seagoon: Only in the holiday season. Maj. Bloodnok: Ah, another Noel Coward!
Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
Majority, n.: That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
Major premise: Sixty men can do sixty times as much work as one man. Minor premise: A man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds. Conclusion: Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second. Secondary Conclusion: Do you realize how many holes there would be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?
Make a wish, it might come true.
Make headway at work. Continue to let things deteriorate at home.
Make it idiot-proof, and someone will breed a better idiot.
Make it myself? But I'm a physical organic chemist!
Make it right before you make it faster.
Make me look like LINDA RONSTADT again!!
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.
Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system. Therefore, users tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space. It has been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
Making one brilliant decision and a whole bunch of mediocre ones isn't as good as making a whole bunch of generally smart decisions throughout the whole process.
Malek's Law: Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
Male, n.: A member of the unconsidered, or negligible sex. The male of the human race is commonly known to the female as Mere Man. The genus has two varieties: good providers and bad providers.
malpractice, n.: The reason surgeons wear masks.
Man 1: Ask me the what the most important thing about telling a good joke is. Man 2: OK, what is the most impo -- Man 1: TIMING!
Management: How many feet do mice have? Reply: Mice have four feet. M: Elaborate! R: Mice have five appendages, and four of them are feet. M: No discussion of fifth appendage! R: Mice have five appendages; four of them are feet; one is a tail. M: What? Feet with no legs? R: Mice have four legs, four feet, and one tail per unit-mouse. M: Confusing -- is that a total of 9 appendages? R: Mice have four leg-foot assemblies and one tail assembly per body. M: Does not fully discuss the issue! R: Each mouse comes equipped with four legs and a tail. Each leg is equipped with a foot at the end opposite the body; the tail is not equipped with a foot. M: Descriptive? Yes. Forceful NO! R: Allotment of appendages for mice will be: Four foot-leg assemblies, one tail. Deviation from this policy is not permitted as it would constitute misapportionment of scarce appendage assets. M: Too authoritarian; stifles creativity! R: Mice have four feet; each foot is attached to a small leg joined integrally with the overall mouse structural sub-system. Also attached to the mouse sub-system is a thin tail, non-functional and ornamental in nature. M: Too verbose/scientific. Answer the question! R: Mice have four feet.
Management is not responsible for loss or damage.
management, n.: The art of getting other people to do all the work.
Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
"Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor."
Manchmal stehe nachts auf und installier's mir einfach...
Mandrell: "You know what I think?" Doctor: "Ah, ah that's a catch question. With a brain your size you don't think, right?"
Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.
manic-depressive, adj.: Easy glum, easy glow.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Man is a military animal, glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
Man is an animal that makes bargains: no other animal does this-- no dog exchanges bones with another.
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
Man is by nature a political animal.
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
Man is the measure of all things.
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history, dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive man picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the air, and whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first primitive umpire. What inner force drove this first athlete? Your guess is as good as mine. Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
Manly's Maxim: Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Man must shape his tools lest they shape him.
<Manoj> I *like* the chicken
<Manoj> shaleh: I am not, despite your implication, God
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual conflict between the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
manual, n.: A unit of documentation. There are always three or more on a given item. One is on the shelf; someone has the others. The information you need is in the others.
Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it is an enemy.
Man who arrives at party two hours late will find he has been beaten to the punch.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man who sleep in beer keg wake up sticky.
Man will never fly. Space travel is merely a dream. All aspirin is alike.
Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
Many a family tree needs trimming.
Many alligators will be slain, but the swamp will remain.
Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will get a respectful hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
Many an ancient lord's last words had been, "You can't kill me because I've got magic aaargh." (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
Many are called, few are chosen. Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Many are called, few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of their data processing systems.
Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher. The butcher is weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and weeks. He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists, but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist, he thinks about his dog. The dog is named Herbert.
Many hands make light work.
"Many have seen Topaxci, God of the Red Mushroom, and they earn the name of shaman," he said. Some have seen Skelde, spirit of the smoke, and they are called sorcerers. A few have been privileged to see Umcherrel, the soul of the forest, and they are known as spirit masters. But none have seen a box with hundreds of legs that looked at them without eyes, and they are known as idio--" The interruption was caused by a sudden screaming noise and a flurry of snow and sparks that blew the fire across the dark hut; there was a brief blurred vision and then the opposite wall was blasted aside and the apparition vanished. There was a long silence. Then a slightly shorter silence. Then the old shaman said carefully, "You didn't just see two men go through upside down on a broomstick, shouting and screaming at each other, did you?" The boy looked at him levelly. "Certainly not," he said. The old man heaved a sigh of relief. "Thank goodness for that," he said. "Neither did I."
Many mental processes admit of being roughly measured. For instance, the degree to which people are bored, by counting the number of their fidgets. I not infrequently tried this method at the meetings of the Royal Geographical Society, for even there dull memoirs are occasionally read. [...] The use of a watch attracts attention, so I reckon time by the number of my breathings, of which there are 15 in a minute. They are not counted mentally, but are punctuated by pressing with 15 fingers successively. The counting is reserved for the fidgets. These observations should be confined to persons of middle age. Children are rarely still, while elderly philosophers will sometimes remain rigid for minutes altogether.
Many Myths are based on truth
Many of the characters are fools and they are always playing tricks on me and treating me badly.
Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
Many pages make a thick book.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very very thin paper.
Many people advocate "just use vanilla JavaScript, you don't need jQuery". Well, I don't need many things that are nontheless nice to have. I don’t need jQuery, but it sure is nice!
Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice which will recommend that they do what they want to do.
Many people are secretly interested in life.
Many people are unenthusiastic about their work.
Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.
Many people feel that if you won't let them make you happy, they'll make you suffer.
Many people feel that they deserve some kind of recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.
Many people, meeting Aziraphale for the first time, formed three impressions: that he was English, that he was intelligent, and that he was gayer than a tree full of monkeys on nitrous oxide.
Many people resent being treated like the person they really are.
Many people write memos to tell you they have nothing to say.
Many phenomena - wars, plagues, sudden audits - have been advanced as evidence for the hidden hand of Satan in the affairs of Man, but whenever students of demonology get together the M25 London orbital motorway is generally agreed to be among the top contenders for exhibit A.
Many receive advice, few profit by it.
Many suitcases look alike.
Many years ago in a period commonly know as Next Friday Afternoon, there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday....
<mao> why do they insist on ading -Werror... <Misty-chan> Mesa would not compile out of the box if it were done by you guys ;) <knghtbrd> Uh, Mesa DOESN'T compile out of the box most of the time.
<marcus> dunham: You know how real numbers are constructed from rational numbers by equivalence classes of convergent sequences? <dunham> marcus: yes.
Margaret, are you grieving Over Goldengrove unleaving? Leaves, like the things of man, You, with your fresh thoughts Care for, can you? Ah! as the heart grows older It will come to such sights colder By and by, nor spare a sigh Though worlds of wanwood leafmeal lie And yet you will weep and know why. Now no matter, child, the name Sorrow's springs are the same: It is the blight man was born for, It is Margaret you mourn for.
Marigold: Jealousy Mint: Virtue Orange blossom: Your purity equals your loveliness Orchid: Beauty, magnificence Pansy: Thoughts Peach blossom: I am your captive Petunia: Your presence soothes me Poppy: Sleep Rose, any color: Love Rose, deep red: Bashful shame Rose, single, pink: Simplicity Rose, thornless, any: Early attachment Rose, white: I am worthy of you Rose, yellow: Decrease of love, rise of jealousy Rosebud, white: Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love Rosemary: Remembrance Sunflower: Haughtiness Tulip, red: Declaration of love Tulip, yellow: Hopeless love Violet, blue: Faithfulness Violet, white: Modesty Zinnia: Thoughts of absent friends * An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
Marijuana will be legal some day, because the many law students who now smoke pot will someday become congressmen and legalize it in order to protect themselves.
<markm> c++: the power, elegance and simplicity of a hand grenade
Mark's Dental-Chair Discovery: Dentists are incapable of asking questions that require a simple yes or no answer.
Marriage Ceremony: An incredible metaphysical sham of watching God and the law being dragged into the affairs of your family.
"Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out."
"Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it."
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
Marriage is the sole cause of divorce.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
marriage, n.: An old, established institution, entered into by two people deeply in love and desiring to make a commitment to each other expressing that love. In short, commitment to an institution.
marriage, n.: Convertible bonds.
Marriage, n.: The evil aye.
MARTA SAYS THE INTERESTING thing about fly-fishing is that it's two lives connected by a thin strand. Come on, Marta, grow up.
MARTA WAS WATCHING THE FOOTBALL GAME with me when she said, "You know most of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its territory from invasion by another group." "Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh. Girls are funny.
<Marticus> There's too much blood in my caffeine system.
martin@bdsi.com (no longer valid - where are you now, Martin?)
Martin was probably ripping them off. That's some family, isn't it? Incest, prostitution, fanaticism, software.
'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
Marvelous! The super-user's going to boot me! What a finely tuned response to the situation!
Marvin the Nature Lover spied a grasshopper hopping along in the grass, and in a mood for communing with nature, rare even among full-fledged Nature Lovers, he spoke to the grasshopper, saying: "Hello, friend grasshopper. Did you know they've named a drink after you?" "Really?" replied the grasshopper, obviously pleased. "They've named a drink Fred?"
Marxist Law of Distribution of Wealth: Shortages will be divided equally among the peasants.
Maryann's Law: You can always find what you're not looking for.
Maryel brought her bat into Exit once and started whacking people on the dance floor. Now everyone's doing it. It's called grand slam dancing.
Mary Tyler Moore's SEVENTH HUSBAND is wearing my DACRON TANK TOP in a cheap hotel in HONOLULU!
<masak> this definitely gives a more solid feel for kp6 <masak> kudos to whomever set exp_evalbot up! <moritz_> masak: that was me ;) <masak> moritz_: kudos <masak> moritz_++ <spinclad> moritz_++ <fglock> moritz++ :) <masak> moritz_++ # the best thing about karma is that it's free <masak> moritz++ # oh right <moritz_> thanks <moritz_> "karma is like software - it's better when it's free" ;-)
Maslow's Maxim: If the only tool you have is a hammer, you treat everything like a nail.
Mason's First Law of Synergism: The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.
<maswan> Joy: Lets fork cat! :) <maswan> Joy: imagine a big pitchfork and a dead kitten on top of it.. with blood running down..
Mater artium necessitas. [Necessity is the mother of invention].
materials, there is conflagration. the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles. optimal cachinnation.
Maternity pay? Now every Tom, Dick and Harry will get pregnant.
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
MATH AND ALCOHOL DON'T MIX! Please, don't drink and derive. Mathematicians Against Drunk Deriving
mathematician, n.: Some one who believes imaginary things appear right before your i's.
Mathematicians are like Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate into their own language and forthwith it is something entirely different.
Mathematicians often resort to something called Hilbert space, which is described as being n-dimensional. Like modern sex, any number can play.
Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
Mathematics is the only science where one never knows what one is talking about nor whether what is said is true.
Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth but supreme beauty -- a beauty cold and austere, like that of a sculpture, without appeal to any part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trapping of painting or music, yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the greatest art can show. The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
Math is like love -- a simple idea but it can get complicated.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a receipt.
Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
[Maturity consists in the discovery that] there comes a critical moment where everything is reversed, after which the point becomes to understand more and more that there is something which cannot be understood.
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
Matz's Law: A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
Mausoleum: The final and funniest folly of the rich.
** MAXIMUM TERMINALS ACTIVE. TRY AGAIN LATER **
Max Rabkin's description for his entry is better than anything I could come up with: "Calculator 2.0 is an enterprise-level client-side numerical productivity suite. It leverages proven technologies to provide a clear and user-friendly interface to a rich set of efficient and powerful components. It is powered by an XML database." [OMGWTF Highlights #2: Misc. (The Daily WTF)](http://thedailywtf.com/Articles/OMGWTF-Highlights-2-Misc.aspx)
Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills. Said he, "I'm an anti-climb Max." [So is that punchline.]
May a hundred thousand midgets invade your home singing cheesy lounge-lizard versions of songs from The Wizard of Oz.
May all your PUSHes be POPped.
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts.
Maybe ain't ain't so correct, but I notice that lots of folks who ain't using ain't ain't eatin' well.
Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
Maybe it's time to break that.
Maybe Jesus was right when he said that the meek shall inherit the earth -- but they inherit very small plots, about six feet by three.
May be too intense for some viewers.
"Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes."
Maybe we could paint GOLDIE HAWN a rich PRUSSIAN BLUE --
"Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone had to seek professional help."
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge it.
"Maybe you should loosen her clothing or something." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
May cause drowsiness.
May contain nuts.
May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!
May explode if improperly recharged.
May I ask a question?
May not be combined with other discounts.
May not be reproduced, in whole or in part, by any means, mechanical or electronic, except for brief excerpts for the purpose of inclusion in reviews.
[May one] doubt whether, in cheese and timber, worms are generated, or, if beetles and wasps, in cow-dung, or if butterflies, locusts, shellfish, snails, eels, and such life be procreated of putrefied matter, which is to receive the form of that creature to which it is by formative power disposed[?] To question this is to question reason, sense, and experience. If he doubts this, let him go to Egypt, and there he will find the fields swarming with mice begot of the mud of the Nylus, to the great calamity of the inhabitants. A seventeenth century opinion quoted by L. L. Woodruff, in *The Evolution of Earth and Man*, 1929
May's Law: The quality of correlation is inversly proportional to the density of control. (The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.)
May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
"May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house."
May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.
May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.
May you do Good Magic with Perl.
May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.
May you have many handsome and obedient sons.
May you have warm words on a cold evening, a full moon on a dark night, and a smooth road all the way to your door.
May you live in interesting times.
May your camel be as swift as the wind.
"May your future be limited only by your dreams."
May your SO always know when you need a hug.
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a Thousand Caramels.
McDonald's -- Because you're worth it.
McEwan's Rule of Relative Importance: When traveling with a herd of elephants, don't be the first to lie down and rest.
McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom: If an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19.95.
McJob: A low-pay, low-prestige, low-benefit, no-future job in the service sector. Frequently considered a satisfying career choice by those who have never held one. Culture"
<mdorman> I'm a gnus person myself. It's an editor! It's a floorwax! It's a dessert topping!
Meader's Law: Whatever happens to you, it will previously have happened to everyone you know, only more so.
Meade's Maxim: Always remember that you are absolutely unique, just like everyone else.
Meanehwael, baccat meaddehaele, monstaer lurccen; Fulle few too many drincce, hie luccen for fyht. [D]en Hreorfneorht[d]hwr, son of Hrwaerow[p]heororthwl, AEsccen aewful jeork to steop outsyd. [P]hud! Bashe! Crasch! Beoom! [D]e bigge gye Eallum his bon brak, byt his nose offe; Wicced Godsylla waeld on his asse. Monstaer moppe fleor wy[p] eallum men in haelle. Beowulf in bacceroome fonecall bemaccen waes; Hearen sond of ruccus saed, "Hwaet [d]e helle?" Graben sheold strang ond swich-blaed scharp Sond feorth to fyht [d]e grimlic foe. "Me," Godsylla saed, "mac [d]e minsemete." Heoro cwyc geten heold wi[p] faemed half-nelson Ond flyng him lic frisbe bac to fen. Beowulf belly up to meaddehaele bar, Saed, "Ne foe beaten mie faersom cung-fu." Eorderen cocca-colha yce-coeld, [d]e reol [p]yng.
Meantime, in the slums below Ronnie's Ranch, Cynthia feels as if some one has made voodoo boxen of her and her favorite backplanes. On this fine moonlit night, some horrible persona has been jabbing away at, dragging magnets over, and surging these voodoo boxen. Fortunately, they seem to have gotten a bit bored and fallen asleep, for it looks like Cynthia may get to go home. However, she has made note to quickly put together a totem of sweaty, sordid static straps, random bits of wire, flecks of once meaningful oxide, bus grant cards, gummy worms, and some bits of old pdp backplane to hang above the machine room. This totem must be blessed by the old and wise venerable god of unibus at once, before the idolatization of vme, q and pc bus drive him to bitter revenge. Alas, if this fails, and the voodoo boxen aren't destroyed, there may be more than worms in the apple. Next, the arrival of voodoo optico transmitigational magneto killer paramecium, capable of teleporting from cable to cable, screen to screen, ear to ear and hoof to mouth...
Measure twice, cut once.
Measure with a micrometer. Mark with chalk. Cut with an axe.
"Meat pies! Hot sausages! Inna bun! So fresh the pig h'an't noticed they're gone!" (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.
Meekness: Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while.
Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?
meeting, n.: An assembly of people coming together to decide what person or department not represented in the room must solve a problem.
meetings, n.: A place where minutes are kept and hours are lost.
Me-ism: A search by an individual, in the absence of training in traditional religious tenets, to formulate a personally tailored religion by himself. Most frequently a mishmash of reincarnation, personal dialogue with a nebulously defined god figure, naturalism, and karmic eye-for-eye attitudes. Culture"
Membership dues are not refundable.
memo, n.: An interoffice communication too often written more for the benefit of the person who sends it than the person who receives it.
MEMORIES OF MY FAMILY MEETINGS still are a source of strength to me. I remember we'd all get into the car -- I forget what kind it was -- and drive and drive. I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there. The smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we played. I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called "Dad." We'd eat some stuff or not and then I think we went home. I guess some things never leave you.
Memories of you remind me of you.
Memory fault -- brain fried
Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!
Memory fault - where am I?
Memory should be the starting point of the present.
Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American: The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American: The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the cork makes when it is popped.
Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American: All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.
Mencken and Nathan's Sixteenth Law of The Average American: Milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent which is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city can ever hope to acquire it.
Mene, mene, tekel, upharsen.
Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
Men of peace usually are [brave].
Men often believe -- or pretend -- that the "Law" is something sacred, or at least a science -- an unfounded assumption very convenient to governments.
Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs and tears. ... It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious, inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness and acts that are contrary to habit...
Men's skin is different from women's skin. It is usually bigger, and it has more snakes tattooed on it. Also, if you examine a woman's skin very closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently tracing the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her ... [EDITOR'S NOTE: To make room for news articles about important world events such as agriculture, we're going to delete the next few square feet of the woman's skin. Thank you.] ... until finally the two of you are lying there, spent, smoking your cigarettes, and suddenly it hits you: Human skin is actually made up of billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called "cells"! And what is even more interesting, the ones on the outside are all dying! This is a fact. Your skin is like an aggressive modern corporation, where the older veteran cells, who have finally worked their way to the top and obtained offices with nice views, are constantly being shoved out the window head first, without so much as a pension plan, by younger hotshot cells moving up from below.
Men take only their needs into consideration -- never their abilities.
Mental Ground Zero: The location where one visualizes oneself during the dropping of the atomic bomb; frequently, a shopping mall. Culture"
Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
Menu, n.: A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.
Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings, and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
Men will always be men -- no matter where they are.
Merchandise can be shipped only upon receipt of payment.
<Mercury> alexsh: Be /VERY/ cairful, you could, if your unlucky, fry your motherboards.. <Knghtbrd> Mercury - sounds like fun
<Mercury> At that point it will compile, but segfault, as it should..
<Mercury> Be warned, I have a keyboard I can use to beat luser's heads in, and then continue to use... (=:] <Deek> Mercury: Oh, an IBM. :)
* Mercury calmly removes XT-Ream's arm.. * Mercury then proceeds to beat XT-Ream with XT-Ream's arm. <Knghtbrd> wow, all this quake hacking is making Mercury violent here * mao is glad the quake forge project is in good hands
<Mercury> <CJ|BiZKiT-0-> i can upload to linux server tho <Mercury> <CJ|BiZKiT-0-> i got a shell account on one <Mercury> <Mercury> Whats it running? <Mercury> <CJ|BiZKiT-0-> umm <Mercury> <CJ|BiZKiT-0-> apache i think <Mercury> Help, please help.. * Omni chuckles
<Mercury> emacs sucks, literally, not a insult, just a comment that its large enough to have a noticeable gravitational pull...
<Mercury> knghtbrd: Eww, find a better name, the movie sucked.. <G> <Knghtbrd> Mercury: The engine is better than the movie
<Mercury> Knghtbrd: Hey, perl has the power grace and elegance of a sledge hammer. (=:] <|Rain|> certainly the grace and elegance, anyway
<Mercury> Knghtbrd: I'd love to see support for xor crosshairs.. <Knghtbrd> Mercury: you're on quack. <Mercury> Knghtbrd: You're the dealer... <G> *** Knghtbrd is now known as QuackDealer
<Mercury> Knghtbrd: Using -3dfx or -svga? <Knghtbrd> Mercury will do something sane with it <Knghtbrd> Mercury: both---svga sig11's, -3dfx sig4's <Knghtbrd> Mercury: that's not good right? ;>
<Mercury> LordHavoc: I'm already insane. <Coderjoe> damn straight. or curvy, crooked, or what have you
<Mercury> LordHavoc: The reason why GL has overdraw is because it is only using HALF of the system they designed for vis. <Mercury> LordHavoc: Shooting itself in the foot. * Dabb looks at all those bullet holes in his shoes - damn, lots :)
<Mercury> Someone fix it. <Despair> committed <Knghtbrd> Despair: Mercury? <Despair> Knghtbrd: he's tired, made a mistake, wanted someone to undo it. <Knghtbrd> Despair: so you had him committed? <Despair> Knghtbrd: well, dedicated anyways.
<Mercury> You don't have to be crazy to be a member of the project, but you will be.. <=:]
Mere nonexistence is a feeble excuse for declaring a thing unseeable. You *can* see dragons. You just have to look in the right direction.
MERYL STREEP is my obstetrician!
Meskimen's Law: There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to do it over.
MESSAGE ACKNOWLEDGED -- The Pershing II missiles have been launched.
Message from Our Sponsor on ttyTV at 13:58 ...
Message will arrive in the mail. Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
"Messin' around with girls in thrall to Creatures from the Void never works out, take my word for it." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
meteorologist, n.: One who doubts the established fact that it is bound to rain if you forget your umbrella.
Metermaids eat their young.
methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutamin- ylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylprolyl- phenylalanylvalylthreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolylglycylisoleucylglutamylglu- taminylserylleucyllysylisoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanyl- glycylalanylaspartylalanylleucylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylala- nylserylaspartylprolylleucylalanylaspartylglycylprolylthreonylisoleucylgluta- minylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylalanylphenylalanylalanylalanylgly- cylvalylthreonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanylglutamylmethionyl- leucylalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonylisoleu- cylprolylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylva- lylphenylalanylasparaginyllysylglycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyro- sylalanylglutaminylcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylvalylaspartylserylvalylleu- cylvalylalanylaspartylvalylprolylvalylglutaminylglutamylserylalanylprolylphe- nylalanylarginylglutaminylalanylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvalylala- nylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleucylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylas- partylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginylglutaminylisoleucylalanylseryltyrosyl- glycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylserylarginylalanylglycyl- valylthreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylalanylalanylleucylprolylleu- cylasparaginylhistidylleucylvalylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasparagi- nylalanylalanylprolylprolylleucylglutaminylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylse- rylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylalanylisoleucylaspartylalanyl- glycylalanylalanylglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycylserylalanylisoleucylvalylly- sylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisoleucylglutamylpro- lylglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalanylvalyl- glutaminylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine, n.: The chemical name for tryptophan synthetase A protein, a 1,913-letter enzyme with 267 amino acids. Preposterous Words
<MFGolfBal> rit/ara: There's something really demented about UNIX underwear...
Michael Frame: <<< Managed C++… there’s a pile of hate. Let’s take all the complexity and bad design in C++, and throw away the speed and efficiency by compiling it to .NET interpreted pseudocode instead. Microsoft has such great ideas when it comes to languages. >>> To which in reply, Yossi Kreinin: <<< What’s there not to like with C++/CLI? You can have macros expanding to templates from which generics are generated, and then have classes generated from the generics. And these classes can have a close function and two destructors, and hold references to unmanaged pointers to managed pointers! With C++, you only have duplicate features, but with C++/CLI, you can finally have triplicate ones! You see, this is a language for an expert. Experts love having 3 different ways to do things, each broken in its own way. >>>
Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.
Microbiology Lab: Staph Only!
Micro Credo: Never trust a computer bigger than you can lift.
Microsoft Corp., concerned by the growing popularity of the free 32-bit operating system for Intel systems, Linux, has employed a number of top programmers from the underground world of virus development. Bill Gates stated yesterday: "World domination, fast -- it's either us or Linus". Mr. Torvalds was unavailable for comment ...
Microsoft DNS service terminates abnormally when it receives a response to a DNS query that was never made. Fix Information: Run your DNS service on a different platform.
Microsoft is a cross between the Borg and the Ferengi. Unfortunately, they use Borg to do their marketing and Ferengi to do their programming.
Microsoft is not the answer. Microsoft is the question. NO (or Linux) is the answer.
micro: Thinker toys.
"Microwave oven? Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven? I've been watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks."
Microwaves frizz your heir.
<Midgar> From all the stereotypes about Aussies, I figure you guys are really tough. <Midgar> ;p <krusto> we'll throw koala's at you
Mid-Twenties Breakdown: A period of mental collapse occurring in one's twenties, often caused by an inability to function outside of school or structured environments coupled with a realization of one's essential aloneness in the world. Often marks induction into the ritual of pharmaceutical usage. Culture"
Mieux vaut tard que jamais! [ Better late than never ]
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
Might not be suitable for persons suffering from weak hearts.
<miguel> any new sendmail hole I have to fix before going on vacations?
<miguel> `You have been unsubscribed from the high energy personal protection devices mailing list' <miguel> I don't remember getting into the mailing list
Mike's Law: For a lumber company employing two men and a cut-off saw, the marginal product of labor for any number of additional workers equals zero until the acquisition of another cut-off saw. Let's not even consider a chainsaw. [You could always schedule the saw, though - ed.]
Mike: "The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?" Bernie: "Nobody ever empties the ashtrays. People are SO inconsiderate."
Miksch's Law: If a string has one end, then it has another end.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
"Millennium hand and shrimp."
Miller's Slogan: Lose a few, lose a few.
millihelen, n.: The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Mind! I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is particularly dead about a door-nail. I might have been inclined, myself, to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade. But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for. You will therefore permit me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
"Mind if I smoke?" "I don't care if you burst into flames and die!"
"Mind if I smoke?" "Yes, I'd like to see that, does it come out of your ears or what?"
Mind The Way bears sensation, Sensation bears memory, Sensation and memory bear abstraction, And abstraction bears all the world; Each thing in the world bears feeling and doing, And, imbued with mind, harmony with the Way. As others have taught, so do I teach, "Who loses harmony opposes nature"; This is the root of my teaching.
Mind your own business, Spock. I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
Mind you, the Elizabethans had so many words for the female genitals that it is quite hard to speak a sentence of modern English without inadvertently mentioning at least three of them.
Minicomputer: A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level manager.
Minimum charge for booths.
Minnesota -- home of the blonde hair and blue ears. mosquito supplier to the free world. come fall in love with a loon. where visitors turn blue with envy. one day it's warm, the rest of the year it's cold. land of many cultures -- mostly throat. where the elite meet sleet. glove it or leave it. many are cold, but few are frozen. land of the ski and home of the crazed. land of 10,000 Petersons.
Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.
Minors in Kansas City, Missouri, are not allowed to purchase cap pistols; they may buy shotguns freely, however.
MIPS: Meaningless Indicator of Processor Speed
miracle: an extremely outstanding or unusual event, thing, or accomplishment.
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Misery no longer loves company. Nowadays it insists on it.
Misfortune, n.: The kind of fortune that never misses.
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.
Misuse may cause suffocation.
Mitchell's Law of Committees: Any simple problem can be made insoluble if enough meetings are held to discuss it.
MIT: The Georgia Tech of the North
mittsquinter, n.: A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball, as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans; it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
mixed emotions: Watching a bus-load of lawyers plunge off a cliff. With five empty seats.
mixed emotions: Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff... in your brand new Mercedes.
Mix's Law: There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building. There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
<mjg59> Damnit. I've got a month to write a paper. This involves actually writing the chunks of code I'm going to be talking about. <asuffield> find a bunch of students and give it to them as an exercise <mjg59> asuffield: I'm surrounded by a bunch of students. Last time I let them touch code, I came back and found they'd rewritten all the C++ code in C and all the C code in C++ <asuffield> mwahaha <mjg59> AND BROKE THE BUILD
Mmmmmm-MMMMMM!! A plate of STEAMING PIECES of a PIG mixed with the shreds of SEVERAL CHICKENS!! ... Oh BOY!! I'm about to swallow a TORN-OFF section of a COW'S LEFT LEG soaked in COTTONSEED OIL and SUGAR!! ... Let's see ... Next, I'll have the GROUND-UP flesh of CUTE, BABY LAMBS fried in the MELTED, FATTY TISSUES from a warm-blooded animal someone once PETTED!! ... YUM!! That was GOOD!! For DESSERT, I'll have a TOFU BURGER with BEAN SPROUTS on a stone-ground, WHOLE WHEAT BUN!!
MMM-MM!! So THIS is BIO-NEBULATION!
MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed) Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie 36 RITZ Crackers 2 cups water 2 cups sugar 2 teaspoons cream of tartar 2 tablespoons lemon juice Grated rind of one lemon Butter or margarine Cinnamon Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate. Break RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate. Combine water, sugar and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes. Add lemon juice and rind. Cool. Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon. Cover with top crust. Trim and flute edges together. Cut slits in top crust to let steam escape. Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust is crisp and golden. Serve warm. Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
modconf (0.2.37) stable unstable; urgency=medium [...] * Eduard Bloch: - fixed Makefile broken Marcin Owsiany a while ago. The default manpage has been overwritten with the polish translation. I still wonder why nobody noticed this before. Closes: #117474 [...]
Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
modem, adj.: Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in "Thoroughly Modem Millie." An unfortunate byproduct of kerning. [That's sic!]
Moderation in all things.
Moderation is a fatal thing. Nothing succeeds like excess.
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea.
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the other. There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise. Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only....It is quite conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected. But it is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it. Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble. One cannot logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the other. There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise. Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only. ... It is quite conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected. But it is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it. Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble. One cannot logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology. Theory", 1949
Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
modesty, n.: Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.
Modesty: The gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending not to be aware of it.
Moebius always does it on the same side.
Moebius strippers never show you their back side.
Mohandas K. Gandhi often changed his mind publicly. An aide once asked him how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week. The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.
Moishe Margolies, who weighed all of 105 pounds and stood an even five feet in his socks, was taking his first airplane trip. He took a seat next to a hulking bruiser of a man who happened to be the heavyweight champion of the world. Little Moishe was uneasy enough before he even entered the plane, but now the roar of the engines and the great height absolutely terrified him. So frightened did he become that his stomach turned over and he threw up all over the muscular giant siting beside him. Fortunately, at least for Moishe, the man was sound asleep. But now the little man had another problem. How in the world would he ever explain the situation to the burly brute when he awakened? The sudden voice of the stewardess on the plane's intercom, finally woke the bruiser, and Moishe, his heart in his mouth, rose to the occasion. "Feeling better now?" he asked solicitously.
"MOKE DAT YIGARETTE"
Molecule, n.: The ultimate, indivisible unit of matter. It is distinguished from the corpuscle, also the ultimate, indivisible unit of matter, by a closer resemblance to the atom, also the ultimate, indivisible unit of matter ... The ion differs from the molecule, the corpuscle and the atom in that it is an ion ...
Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis: If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented it wasn't worth doing.
momentum, n.: What you give a person when they are going away.
Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?
Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.
Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Money is its own reward.
Money isn't everything -- but it's a long way ahead of what comes next.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
"Money is the root of all money."
Money is the root of all wealth.
Money is truthful. If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
Moneyliness is next to Godliness.
Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
<Mongoose> knghtbrd: and the meek shall inherit k-mart
Monitored by the American Human Association.
Monitor not included.
Monotheism is a gift from the gods.
Monterey... is decidedly the pleasantest and most civilized-looking place in California ... [it] is also a great place for cock-fighting, gambling of all sorts, fandangos, and various kinds of amusements and knavery.
Moonchild without an opinion? Satan is skating to work tomorrow!
Moon, n.: 1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to hackers. See PHASE OF THE MOON. 2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).
Moore's Constant: Everybody sets out to do something, and everybody does something, but no one does what he sets out to do.
mophobia, n.: Fear of being verbally abused by a Mississippian.
"Morality is one thing. Ratings are everything."
More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
More people are flattered into virtue than bullied out of vice.
"More software projects have gone awry for lack of calendar time than for all other causes combined."
More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads. One path leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction. Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly.
Mort isn't fashionable UK movie material -- there's no parts in it for Hugh or Emma, it's not set it Sheffield, and no one shoves drugs up their bum...
Morton's Law: If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer.
Mos Eisley Spaceport; you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy...
Mosher's Law of Software Engineering: Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If everything did, you'd be out of a job.
<moshez> ok, I will not marry Jo-Con-El's cow.
<moshez> what I like about Manoj is his desire for simple and small solutions. like EMACS. or dvt. <Manoj> well, dvt was _supposed_ to be simple <Manoj> it only took 2 weeks to write <moshez> Manoj: It requires a *diagram* to explain what each part does.
Most alchemists were nervous, in any case; it came from not knowing what the crucible of bubbling stuff they were experimenting with was going to do next.
Most bacteria have the decency to be microscopic. Epulopiscium fishelsoni is not among them. The newly identified one-celled macro-microorganism is a full .5 mm long, large enough to be seen with the naked eye. Described in the current Nature, "It is a million times as massive as a typical bacterium."-Time, page 25, March 29, 1993
Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.
Most folks they like the daytime, 'cause they like to see the shining sun. They're up in the morning, off and a-running till they're too tired for having fun. But when the sun goes down, and the bright lights shine, my daytime has just begun. Now there are two sides to this great big world, and one of them is always night. If you can take care of business in the sunshine, baby, I guess you're gonna be all right. Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand. My eyes just can't stand the light. 'Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
Most general statements are false, including this one.
Most gods find it hard to walk and think at the same time.
Most gods throw dice, but Fate plays chess, and you don't find out til too late that he's been playing with two queens all along.
Most legends have their basis in facts.
Most non-Catholics know that the Catholic schools are rendering a greater service to our nation than the public schools in which subversive textbooks have been used, in which Communist-minded teachers have taught, and from whose classrooms Christ and even God Himself are barred.
Most of our lives are about proving something, either to ourselves or to someone else.
Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking difficulties before we get to them.
Most of the great triumphs and tragedies of history are caused not by people being fundamentally good or fundamentally evil, but by people being fundamentally people.
Most of us feel that marketing types are like a dangerous weapon - keep 'em unloaded and locked up in a cupboard, and only bring them out when you need them to do a job.
"Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons for it afterwards."
Most of what I really need to know about how to live, and what to do, and how to be, I learned in kindergarten. Wisdom was not at the top of the graduate school mountain but there in the sandbox at nursery school. These are the things I learned: Share everything. Play fair. Don't hit people. Put things back where you found them. Clean up your own mess. Don't take things that aren't yours. Say you're sorry when you hurt someone. Wash your hands before you eat. Flush. Warm cookies and cold milk are good for you. Live a balanced life. Learn some and think some and draw and paint and sing and dance and play and work some every day. Take a nap every afternoon. When you go out into the world, watch for traffic, hold hands, and stick together. Be aware of wonder. Remember the little seed in the plastic cup. The roots go down and the plant goes up and nobody really knows how or why, but we are all like that. Goldfish and hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in the plastic cup -- they all die. So do we. And then remember the book about Dick and Jane and the first word you learned, the biggest word of all: LOOK. Everything you need to know is in there somewhere. The Golden Rule and love and basic sanitation. Ecology and politics and sane living. Think of what a better world it would be if we all -- the whole world our blankets for a nap. Or if we had a basic policy in our nation and other nations to always put things back where we found them and cleaned up our own messes. And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into the world it is best to hold hands and stick together. in kindergarten"
Most of your faults are not your fault.
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the moon.
Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.
Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently than they do.
Most people deserve each other.
Most people don't need a great deal of love nearly so much as they need a steady supply.
Most people eat as though they were fattening themselves for market.
Most people exhibit what political scientists call "the conservatism of the peasantry." Don't lose what you've got. Don't change. Don't take a chance, because you might end up starving to death. Play it safe. Buy just as much as you need. Don't waste time. When we think about risk, human beings and corporations realize in their heads that risks are necessary to grow, to survive. But when it comes down to keeping good people when the crunch comes, or investing money in something untried, only the brave reach deep into their pockets and play the game as it must be played. January 18, 1988
Most people feel that everyone is entitled to their opinion.
Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained only by the disinclination of others to listen. Reserve is an artificial quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.
Most people have two reasons for doing anything -- a good reason, and the real reason.
Most people in Lancre, as the saying goes, went to bed with the chickens and got up with the cows. [footnote: Er. That is to say, they went to bed at the same time as the chickens went to bed, and got up at the same time as the cows got up. Loosely worded sayings can really cause misunderstandings.]
Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
Most people need some of their problems to help take their mind off some of the others.
Most people prefer certainty to truth.
Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.
Most people want either less corruption or more of a chance to participate in it.
Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands, if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.
"Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch."
Most places distinguish them merely by using the appropriate value. Hooray for context...
Most public domain software is free, at least at first glance.
Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't talk for people who can't read.
Most seminars have a happy ending. Everyone's glad when they're over.
Most Texans think Hanukkah is some sort of duck call.
Mother Earth is not flat!
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
Mother is the invention of necessity.
Mother told me to be good but she's been wrong before.
Motion and Use The motion of the Way is to return; The use of the Way is to accept; All things come from the Way, And the Way comes from nothing.
Motorized vehicles only.
Mountain Dew and doughnuts... because breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
'Mounten' wird für drei Dinge benutzt: 'Aufsitzen' auf Pferde, 'einklinken' von Festplatten in Dateisysteme, und, nun, 'besteigen' beim Sex. 'Mounting' is used for three things: climbing on a horse, linking in a hard disk unit in data systems, and, well, mounting during sex.
Mount St. Helens should have used earth control.
MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING
Move 'ZIG'.
Moving pianos is dangerous. Moving pianos are dangerous.
Mr and Mrs PED, can I borrow 26.7% of the RAYON TEXTILE production of the INDONESIAN archipelago?
Mr. Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
<MrCurious> by the power of greyskull <MrCurious> someone tell me the ban to place <Sopwith> mrcurious: *.debian.org, *.novare.net <philX> *.debian.org. that's awesome.
Mr. DePree also expects a "tremendous social change" in all workplaces. "When I first started working 40 years ago, a factory supervisor was focused on the product. Today it is drastically different, because of the social milieu. It isn't unusual for a worker to arrive on his shift and have some family problem that he doesn't know how to resolve. The example I like to use is a guy who comes in and says 'this isn't going to be a good day for me, my son is in jail on a drunk-driving charge and I don't know how to raise bail.' What that means is that if the supervisor wants productivity, he has to know how to raise bail." Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
Mr. DePree believes participative capitalism is the wave of the future. The U.S. work force, he believes, "more and more demands to be included in the capitalist system and if we don't find ways to get the capitalist system to be an inclusive system rather than the exclusive system it has been, we're all in deep trouble. If we don't find ways to begin to understand that capitalism's highest potential lies in the common good, not in the individual good, then we're risking the system itself." Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan. The company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time). The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
<mrmccrac-> GumbyBRAIN: who is man bear pig? <GumbyBRAIN> Man i need to get a modification of a fried pig and eating without my hands wouldn't be "too much bacon" for me; i don't know what @inc is? <iank> mrmccrac-: he is half man, and half bearpig. * shaldannon is half man, half asleep <iank> Half ass leap? <iank> What's a leap? * shaldannon stabs iank <iank> oof * iank punches shaldannon * shaldannon kicks iank in the groin * iank passes out from the pain
Mr. Rockford? Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses. We got your renewal before the extended deadline but not your check. I'm sorry but at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.
Mr. Rockford? This is Betty Joe Withers. I got four shirts of yours from the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake. I don't know why they gave me men's shirts but they're going back.
Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary Etiquette. We aren't going to call again! Now you want these free lessons or what?
Mr. Rockford? You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you. Could you call me at... My name is... uh... Never mind, forget it!
Mr. Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent. When Lord Copper was right he said "Definitely, Lord Copper"; when he was wrong, "Up to a point." "Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean? Capital of Japan? Yokohama isn't it?" "Up to a point, Lord Copper." "And Hong Kong definitely belongs to us, doesn't it?" "Definitely, Lord Copper."
Mrs Evadne Cake was a medium, verging on small.
Mrs. Nugent was the Johnson's next door neighbour, and known to be unreasonable on subjects like Madonna played at full volume at 3 a.m.
"Mr. Spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills Captain Kirk."
"Mr. Watson, come here, I want you." -- Alexander Graham Bell
Mr Young hadn't had to quiet a screaming baby for years. He'd never been much good at it to start with. He'd always respected Sir Winston Churchill, and patting small versions of him on the bottom had always seemed ungracious.
MSDOS didn't get as bad as it is overnight -- it took over ten years of careful development.
MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
MS-DOS must die!
MS-DOS, you can't live with it, you can live without it.
<mst> but jrockway will bitch about them all anyway <stevan> rhesa: 100% of those with the last name "Rockway" will do that <rhesa> hehehe <rjbs> Subject: catalyst framework not compatible with PERL <jrockway> stevan: i am going to name my kid "Someone is WRONG" <stevan> jrockway: I think that will be implied, no need to actually name him that <perigrin> Someone is WRONG rockway <perigrin> has a nice ring to it <Penfold> aka 'little Bobby wrong'? <rhesa> would make a great children's book series: SiW in the zoo etc <stevan> :D <stevan> the first one in the series should be Someone is Wrong on the internet <jrockway> rhesa: that is a great idea! <jrockway> rhesa: i have a friend who is writing a children's book <jrockway> i will tell her to change the title and content immediately! <jrockway> someone is wrong in the children's book industry! <rjbs> "No, zookeeper. That animal doesn't have a tail; it's *not* a monkey!"
Much of the excitement we get out of our work is that we don't really know what we are doing.
Much of the relative simplicity of Java is - like for most new languages - partly an illusion and partly a function of its incompleteness. As time passes, Java will grow significantly in size and complexity. It will double or triple in size and grow implementation-dependent extensions or libraries. That is the way every commercially successful language has developed. Just look at any language you consider successful on a large scale. I know of no exceptions, and there are good reasons for this phenomenon. [I wrote this before 2000; now see a preview of Java 1.5 - [ ]
<muggles> i'm trying to convince some netcom admins i know to convert to Debian from RH, netgod, but they are DAMN stubborn <muggles> why RH users so damned hard headed? <Espy> it's the hat
Multics is security spelled sideways.
"Multiple exclamation marks," he went on, shaking his head, "are a sure sign of a diseased mind." quote also appears in "Reaper Man" (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
"Multiply in your head" (ordered the compassionate Dr. Adams) "365,365,365, 365,365,365 by 365,365,365,365,365,365". He [ten-year-old Truman Henry Safford] flew around the room like a top, pulled his pantaloons over the tops of his boots, bit his hands, rolled his eyes in their sockets, sometimes smiling and talking, and then seeming to be in an agony, until, in not more than one minute, said he, 133,491,850,208,566,925,016,658,299,941,583,225!" An electronic computer might do the job a little faster but it wouldn't be as much fun to watch.
Mummy dust to make me old; To shroud my clothes, the black of night; To age my voice, an old hag's cackle; To whiten my hair, a scream of fright; A blast of wind to fan my hate; A thunderbolt to mix it well -- Now begin thy magic spell!
mummy, n.: An Egyptian who was pressed for time.
Mum's the word.
Mundus vult decipi decipiatur ergo. [The world wants to be cheated, so cheat.]
Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot talk about after dinner.
Murder is contrary to the laws of man and God.
Murphy's Law is recursive. Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Murphy's Law of Research: Enough research will tend to support your theory.
Murphy's Laws: (1) If anything can go wrong, it will. (2) Nothing is as easy as it looks. (3) Everything takes longer than you think it will.
Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem.
Murphy was an optimist.
Murray's Rule: Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.
Musical Hairsplitting: The act of classifying music and musicians into pathologically picayune categories: "The Vienna Franks are a good example of urban white acid fold revivalism crossed with ska." Culture"
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Must be getting close to town -- we're hitting more people.
Must be over 18.
Must be over 21.
Must be under 48 inches in height.
Mustgo, n.: Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so long it has become a science project.
Must I hold a candle to my shames?
Mustrum Ridcully did a lot for rare species. For one thing, he kept them rare.
MVS Air Lines: The passengers all gather in the hangar, watching hundreds of technicians check the flight systems on this immense, luxury aircraft. This plane has at least 10 engines and seats over 1,000 passengers; bigger models in the fleet can have more engines than anyone can count and fly even more passengers than there are on Earth. It is claimed to cost less per passenger mile to operate these humongous planes than any other aircraft ever built, unless you personally have to pay for the ticket. All the passengers scramble aboard, as do the 200 technicians needed to keep it from crashing. The pilot takes his place up in the glass cockpit. He guns the engines, only to realise that the plane is too big to get through the hangar doors.
My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
My analyst told me that I was right out of my head, But I said, "Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead. Because I have got a thing that is unique and new, To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you. 'Cause instead of one head -- I've got two. And you know two heads are better than one.
My apologies if I sound angry. I feel like I'm talking to a void.
My Aunt MAUREEN was a military advisor to IKE & TINA TURNER!!
My band career ended late in my senior year when John Cooper and I threw my amplifier out the dormitory window. We did not act in haste. First we checked to make sure the amplifier would fit through the frame, using the belt from my bathrobe to measure, then we picked up the amplifier and backed up to my bedroom door. Then we rushed forward, shouting "The WHO! The WHO!" and we launched my amplifier perfectly, as though we had been doing it all our lives, clean through the window and down onto the sidewalk, where a small but appreciative crowd had gathered. I would like to be able to say that this was a symbolic act, an effort on my part to break cleanly away from one state in my life and move on to another, but the truth is, Cooper and I really just wanted to find out what it would sound like. It sounded OK.
"my biggest problem with RH (and especially RH contrib packages) is that they DON'T have anything like our policy. That's one of the main reasons why their packages are so crappy and broken. Debian has the teamwork side of building a distribution down to a fine art."
My BIOLOGICAL ALARM CLOCK just went off ... It has noiseless DOZE FUNCTION and full kitchen!!
My Bonnie looked into a gas tank, The height of its contents to see! She lit a small match to assist her, Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.
My boy is a mean kid. I came home the other day and saw him taping worms to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias. Well, only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with a bulls-eye on the back. I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own." One of them said, "So will you."
My brain is my second favorite organ.
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
My calculator is my shepherd, I shall not want It maketh me accurate to ten significant figures, and it leadeth me in scientific notation to 99 digits. It restoreth my square roots and guideth me along paths of floating decimal points for the sake of precision. Yea, tho I walk through the valley of surprise quizzes, I will fear no prof, for my calculator is there to hearten me. It prepareth a log table to comfort me, it prepareth an arc sin for me in the presence of my teachers. It anoints my homework with correct solutions, my interpolations are over. Surely, both precision and accuracy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I shall dwell in the house of Texas instruments forever.
My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and, instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
My CODE of ETHICS is vacationing at famed SCHROON LAKE in upstate New York!!
My computer can beat up your computer.
"My country, right or wrong" is a thing that no patriot would think of saying, except in a desperate case. It is like saying "My mother, drunk or sober."
My cup hath runneth'd over with love.
My darling wife was always glum. I drowned her in a cask of rum, And so made sure that she would stay In better spirits night and day.
My dear People. My dear Bagginses and Boffins, and my dear Tooks and Brandybucks, and Grubbs, and Chubbs, and Burrowses, and Hornblowers, and Bolgers, Bracegirdles, Goodbodies, Brockhouses and Proudfoots. Also my good Sackville Bagginses that I welcome back at last to Bag End. Today is my one hundred and eleventh birthday: I am eleventy-one today!"
My doctorate's in Literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me.
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.
My EARS are GONE!!
My experience in Amsterdam is that cyclists ride where the hell they like and aim in a state of rage at all pedestrians while ringing their bell loudly, the concept of avoiding people being foreign to them. My dream holiday would be a) a ticket to Amsterdam b) immunity from prosecution and c) a baseball bat :-)
My experience with government is when things are non-controversial, beautifully co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much is going on.
My face is new, my license is expired, and I'm under a doctor's care!!!!
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
My father, a good man, told me, "Never lose your ignorance; you cannot replace it."
"...my father is the Emperor of Klatch and my mother is a small tray of raspberry puddings." (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
"My father? My father left when I was quite young. Well actually, he was asked to leave. He had trouble metabolizing alcohol."
My father taught me three things: (1) Never mix whiskey with anything but water. (2) Never try to draw to an inside straight. (3) Never discuss business with anyone who refuses to give his name.
My father was a God-fearing man, but he never missed a copy of the New York Times, either.
My father was a saint, I'm not.
My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
My first baseman is George "Catfish" Metkovich from our 1952 Pittsburgh Pirates team, which lost 112 games. After a terrible series against the New York Giants, in which our center fielder made three throwing errors and let two balls get through his legs, manager Billy Meyer pleaded, "Can somebody think of something to help us win a game?" "I'd like to make a suggestion," Metkovich said. "On any ball hit to center field, let's just let it roll to see if it might go foul."
My first scripting language was written in BASIC. For my job in the computer center I wrote a language that I called JAM, short for Jury-rigged All-purpose Meta-language. Story of my life… JAM was an inside-out text-processing language much like PHP, except that HTML hadn't been invented yet. We mostly used it as a fancy macro processor for BASIC. Unlike PHP, it did not have 3,000 functions in one namespace. We wouldn't have had the memory, for one thing.
My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower, but they were there to meet the boat.
My friend Botje from freenode noted that some people on its #osdev chatroom, have implemented kernels from scratch, which supported enough of POSIX to bootstrap a GNU ( https://gnu.org/ ) system (as I suspected). Now try this with CSS2.1...
My friend has a baby. I'm writing down all the noises he makes so later I can ask him what he meant.
My friends, I am here to tell you of the wonderous continent known as Africa. Well we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 31. We were 15 days on the water, and 3 on the boat when we finally arrived in Africa. Upon our arrival we immediately set up a rigorous schedule: Up at 6:00, breakfast, and back in bed by 7:00. Pretty soon we were back in bed by 6:30. Now Africa is full of big game. The first day I shot two bucks. That was the biggest game we had. Africa is primarily inhabited by Elks, Moose and Knights of Pithiests. The elks live up in the mountains and come down once a year for their annual conventions. And you should see them gathered around the water hole, which they leave immediately when they discover it's full of water. They weren't looking for a water hole. They were looking for an alck hole. One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas, how he got in my pajamas, I don't know. Then we tried to remove the tusks. That's a tough word to say, tusks. As I said we tried to remove the tusks, but they were imbedded so firmly we couldn't get them out. But in Alabama the Tuscaloosa, but that is totally irrelephant to what I was saying. We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed. So we're going back in a few years...
My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse, but always, always, he was right. [That's an interesting angle. I wonder if there are any parallels?]
My godda bless, never I see sucha people.
My God, I'm depressed! Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending mail about softball games. And I've got this pain right through my ALU. I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens. I think it would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.
My God, My God, May it never, never end. The sand and the sea, the jitter of the water, the shine of the sky, the prayer of Man. "A Walk to Caesarea" / Hanah Senesh ( Translated from Hebrew by Shlomi Fish )
- "My granny says that dying is like going to sleep," Mort added, a shade hopefully. - I WOULDN'T KNOW. I HAVE DONE NEITHER.
My haircut is totally traditional!
"My house is your house", his brow suddenly furrowed and he looked worried, "although only in a metaphorical sense, you understand, because I would not, much as I always admired your straightforward approach, and indeed your forthright stance, actually *give* you my house, it being the only house I have, and therefore the term is being extended in an, as it were, gratuitous fashion --" Owlglass was clearly having some trouble getting to the end of the sentence. (Terry Pratchett, The Carpet People)
My, how you've changed since I've changed.
My idea of roughing it is when room service is late.
My idea of roughing it turning the air conditioner too low.
MY income is ALL disposable!
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
My latest personal project has a manual page, unit and integration tests, Debian packaging, a CI project, and a home page. I can install it and run it. It doesn’t yet do anything useful.
My LESLIE GORE record is BROKEN ...
My life is a patio of fun!
"My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?"
My little brother got this fortune: nohup rm -fr /& So he did...
My love, he's mad, and my love, he's fleet, And a wild young wood-thing bore him! The ways are fair to his roaming feet, And the skies are sunlit for him. As sharply sweet to my heart he seems As the fragrance of acacia. My own dear love, he is all my dreams -- And I wish he were in Asia.
My love runs by like a day in June, And he makes no friends of sorrows. He'll tread his galloping rigadoon In the pathway or the morrows. He'll live his days where the sunbeams start Nor could storm or wind uproot him. My own dear love, he is all my heart -- And I wish somebody'd shoot him.
My message is not that biological determinists were bad scientists or even that they were always wrong. Rather, I believe that science must be understood as a social phenomenon, a gutsy, human enterprise, not the work of robots programmed to collect pure information. I also present this view as an upbeat for science, not as a gloomy epitaph for a noble hope sacrificed on the alter of human limitations. I believe that a factual reality exists and that science, though often in an obtuse and erratic manner, can learn about it. Galileo was not shown the instruments of torture in an abstract debate about lunar motion. He had threatened the Church's conventional argument for social and doctrinal stability: the static world order with planets circling about a central earth, priests subordinate to the Pope and serfs to their lord. But the Church soon made its peace with Galileo's cosmology. They had no choice; the earth really does revolve about the sun.
My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say. And then say it with the utmost levity.
My mind can never know my body, although it has become quite friendly with my legs.
My mind is a potato field ...
My mind is making ashtrays in Dayton ...
My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
My mother is a fish.
My mother loved children -- she would have given anything if I had been one.
My mother once said to me, "Elwood," (she always called me Elwood) "Elwood, in this world you must be oh so smart or oh so pleasant." For years I tried smart. I recommend pleasant.
My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, "Mom, go for it!"
My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
My My, hey hey Rock and roll is here to stay The king is gone but he's not forgotten It's better to burn out This is the story of a Johnny Rotten Than to fade away It's better to burn out than it is to rust My my, hey hey The king is gone but he's not forgotten It's out of the blue and into the black Hey hey, my my They give you this, but you pay for that Rock and roll can never die And once you're gone you can never come back There's more to the picture When you're out of the blue Than meets the eye And into the black "My My, Hey Hey (Out of the Blue), Rust Never Sleeps"
"My name is Sue! How do you do?! Now you gonna die!" Well, I hit him hard right between the eyes, And he went down, but to my surprise, Come up with a knife and cut off a piece of my ear. So I busted a chair right across his teeth, And we crashed through the walls and into the streets, Kickin' and a-gougin' in the mud and the blood and beer. Now I tell you, I've fought tougher men, But I really can't remember when: He kicked like a mule and he bit like a crocodile. But I heard him laugh and then I heard him cuss, And he went for his gun, but I pulled mine first, And he sat there lookin' at me, and I saw him smile. He said: "Son, this world is rough, And if a man's gonna make it he's gotta be tough, And I knew I wouldn't be there to help you along. So I give you that name and I said goodbye, And I knew you'd have to get tough or die, And it's that name that's helped to make you strong!
My nose feels like a bad Ronald Reagan movie ...
My NOSE is NUMB!
My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's.
My own dear love, he is strong and bold And he cares not what comes after. His words ring sweet as a chime of gold, And his eyes are lit with laughter. He is jubilant as a flag unfurled -- Oh, a girl, she'd not forget him. My own dear love, he is all my world -- And I wish I'd never met him.
My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems, and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable. ... We should be reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand, slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
... My pants just went on a wild rampage through a Long Island Bowling Alley!!
My pants just went to high school in the Carlsbad Caverns!!!
My parents went to Niagara Falls and all I got was this crummy life.
My pen is at the bottom of a page, Which, being finished, here the story ends; 'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done, But stories somehow lengthen when begun.
My philosophy is: Don't think.
My polyvinyl cowboy wallet was made in Hong Kong by Montgomery Clift!
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income. Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
My reason tells me that land cannot be sold - nothing can be sold but such things as can be carried away. Black Hawk, (Saulk)
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
My ritual differs slightly. What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I hop into the shower stall. Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot character from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off of while he showers. Then I hop right back into the stall because our dog, Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up powerful dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the bathroom and wants to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any one of which -- bear in mind that I am naked and, without my contact lenses, essentially blind part if you want to sing the "Messiah," if you get my drift. Then I hop right back out, because Robert, with that uncanny sixth sense some children have -- you cannot teach it; they either have it or they don't -- has chosen exactly that moment to flush one of the toilets. Perhaps several of them.
"My sense of purpose is gone! I have no idea who I AM!" "Oh, my God... You've.. You've turned him into a DEMOCRAT!"
My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii. She sells C shells down by the seashore.
My soul is crushed, my spirit sore I do not like me anymore, I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse, I ponder on the narrow house I shudder at the thought of men I'm due to fall in love again.
Mystery Looked at but cannot be seen - it is beneath form; Listened to but cannot be heard - it is beneath sound; Held but cannot be touched - it is beneath feeling; These depthless things evade definition, And blend into a single mystery. In its rising there is no light, In its falling there is no darkness, A continuous thread beyond description, Lining what does not exist; Its form formless, Its image nothing, Its name silence; Follow it, it has no back, Meet it, it has no face. Attend the present to deal with the past; Thus you grasp the continuity of the Way, Which is its essence.
Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
My tears stuck in their little ducts, refusing to be jerked. His performance is so wooden you want to spray him with Liquid Pledge.
"my terminal is a lethal teaspoon."
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
<Myth> I'm getting a connection refused when connecting to port 25, anyone know where the damn log is? <aj> Myth: /var/log/damn.log? * aj wonders what that'd look like <aj> Dec 18 05:32:30 blae smtpd[123]: DAMN IT ALL TO HELL!!
My uncle Murray conquered Egypt in 53 B.C. And I can prove it too!!
My uncle was the town drunk -- and we lived in Chicago.
My vaseline is RUNNING...
My way of joking is to tell the truth. That's the funniest joke in the world.
My weight is perfect for my height -- which varies.
<Myxie> I know. Unless htere is a cookie monster somewhere between us tat muches the amil. <Myxie> amil/mail <Myxie> muches/munches tat/that htere/there <HippieGuy> heheh <HippieGuy> problems? :) * Myxie needs an ircii addon that pipes teh command line through ispell :)
<n3tg0d> has /usr/bin/emacs been put into /etc/shells yet? :P
Nachman's Rule: When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
"Nac Mac Feegle! The Wee Free Men! Nae king! Nae quin! Nae laird! *We willna be fooled again!*"
"Nac mac Feegle wha hae!"
Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
"Nah," he said, eventually. "I've looked at the colours on flowers. They're definitely built-in."
Naked children have never played in _our_ fountains, and I.M. Pei will never be happy on Route 66. Brown, and Steven Izenour
NANCY!! Why is everything RED?!
Nanny could get a statue to cry on her shoulder and say what it really thought about pigeons.
Nanny Ogg found herself embarrassed to even think about this, and this was unusual because embarrassment normally came as naturally to Nanny as altruism comes to a cat.
Nanny Ogg looked him up and down or, at least, down and further down. "You're a dwarf," she said. (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
Nanny Ogg looked under her bed in case there was a man there. Well, you never knew your luck.
Nanny Ogg never did any housework herself, but she was the cause of housework in other people.
Nanny Ogg quite liked cooking, provided there were other people around to do things like chop up the vegetables and wash the dishes afterwards. (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
'Naomi, sex at noon taxes.' I moan. Never odd or even. A man, a plan, a canal, Panama. Madam, I'm Adam. Sit on a potato pan, Otis. Sit on Otis.
NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe? Everything he says is wrong. GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says will be right.
narcolepulacyi, n.: The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight to also yawn.
Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity. The servant said "My master is out." Nasrudin replied, "Tell your master that next time he goes out, he should not leave his face at the window. Someone might steal it."
Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers gathered around to hear what had passed. "At this time," said Nasrudin, "I only want to say that the King spoke to me." All the villagers but the stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news. The remaining villager asked, "What did the King say to you?" "What he said -- and quite distinctly, for everyone to hear -- was 'Get out of my way!'" The simpleton was overjoyed; he had heard words actually spoken by the King, and seen the very man they were spoken to.
Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve him. Nasrudin said, "First things first. Did you see me walk into your shop?" "Of course." "Have you ever seen me before?" "Never." "Then how do you know it was me?"
Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful than the sun." "Why?", he was asked. "Because at night we need the light more."
Nasrudin was carrying home a piece of liver and the recipe for liver pie. Suddenly a bird of prey swooped down and snatched the piece of meat from his hand. As the bird flew off, Nasrudin called after it, "Foolish bird! You have the liver, but what can you do with it without the recipe?"
NATHAN ... your PARENTS were in a CARCRASH!! They're VOIDED -- They COLLAPSED They had no CHAINSAWS ... They had no MONEY MACHINES ... They did PILLS in SKIMPY GRASS SKIRTS ... Nathan, I EMULATED them ... but they were OFF-KEY ...
National security is in your hands - guard it well.
Natural laws have no pity.
Natural selection saw to it that professional heroes who at a crucial moment tended to ask themselves questions like "What is my purpose in life?" very quickly lacked both.
Natural selection won't matter soon, not anywhere as much as conscious selection. We will civilize and alter ourselves to suit our ideas of what we can be. Within one more human lifespan, we will have changed ourselves unrecognizably.
Nature abhors a hero. For one thing, he violates the law of conservation of energy. For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be creamed?
Nature abhors a virgin -- a frozen asset.
Nature abhors dimensional abnormalities, and seals them neatly away so that they don't upset people. Nature, in fact, abhors a lot of things, including vacuums, ships called the "Marie Celeste", and the chuck keys for electric drills.
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
"Nature is very un-American. Nature never hurries."
Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be tolerated until they acquire some sense.
Nature Nature is not kind; It treats all things impartially. The Sage is not kind, And treats all people impartially. Nature is like a bellows, Empty, yet never ceasing its supply. The more it moves, the more it yields; So the sage draws upon experience And cannot be exhausted.
Nature to all things fixed the limits fit, And wisely curbed proud man's pretending wit. As on the land while here the ocean gains, In other parts it leaves wide sandy plains; Thus in the soul while memory prevails, The solid power of understanding fails; Where beams of warm imagination play, The memory's soft figures melt away.
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
> NE-2000 clone. Pentium optimizing gcc (pentium gcc pl8 I think). ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Build a kernel with the proper gcc. Reports with a non standard compiler are useless.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
Near the Studio Jean Cocteau On the Rue des Ecoles lived an old man with a blind dog Every evening I would see him guiding the dog along the sidewalk, keeping a firm grip on the leash so that the dog wouldn't run into a passerby Sometimes the dog would stop and look up at the sky Once the old man noticed me watching the dog and he said, "Oh, yes, this one knows when the moon is out, he can feel it on his face"
Necessity has no law.
Necessity hath no law.
Necessity is a mother.
"Necessity is the mother of invention" is a silly proverb. "Necessity is the mother of futile dodges" is much nearer the truth.
Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
Neckties strangle clear thinking.
Need Is the action of nature not unlike drawing a bow? What is higher is pulled down, and what is lower is raised up; What is taller is shortened, and what is thinner is broadened; Nature's motion decreases those who have more than they need And increases those who need more than they have. It is not so with Man. Man decreases those who need more than they have And increases those who have more than they need. To give away what you do not need is to follow the Way. So the sage gives without expectation, Accomplishes without claiming credit, And has no desire for ostentation.
Needs are a function of what other people have.
Neglect of duty does not cease, by repetition, to be neglect of duty.
"Neighbors!! We got neighbors! We ain't supposed to have any neighbors, and I just had to shoot one."
Neil Armstrong tripped.
Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.
Nemo me impune lacessit. [No one provokes me with impunity]
<NeonKttn> I had a friend stick me in her closet during highschool because I wouldn't believe that her boyfriend knew about foreplay... <NeonKttn> I shoulda brought popcorn. :)
nerd pack, n.: Plastic pouch worn in breast pocket to keep pens from soiling clothes. Nerd's position in engineering hierarchy can be measured by number of pens, grease pencils, and rulers bristling in his pack.
<netgod> And once Diziet/CQ make the formal announcment that LSA sucks, we can even reduce the Crisis Level rating and move on to linuxfoundation.org.
<netgod> Feanor: u have no idea of the depth of the stupidty of american law
<netgod> heh thats a lost cause, like the correct pronunciation of "jewelry" <netgod> give it up :-) <sage> and the correct spelling of "colour" :) <BenC> heh <sage> and aluminium <BenC> or nuclear weapons <sage> are you threating me yankee ? <sage> just cause we don't have the bomb... <BenC> back off ya yellow belly
<netgod> is it me, or is Knghtbrd snoring? <joeyh> they killed knghtbrd! <netgod> Kysh: wichert, gecko, joeyh, and I are in a room trying to ignore Knghtbrd <Kysh> netgod: Knghtbrd is hard to ignore.
<netgod> my client has been owned severely <netgod> this guy got root, ran packet sniffers, installed .rhosts and backdoors, put a whole new dir in called /lib/" ", which has a full suite of smurfing and killing tools <netgod> the only mistake was not deleting the logfiles <netgod> question is how was root hacked, and that i couldnt tell u <netgod> it is, of course, not a debian box * netgod notes the debian box is the only one left untouched by the hacker
* netgod opens his mailbox and immediately wishes he hadnt
!netgod:*! time flies when youre using linux !doogie:*! yeah, infinite loops in 5 seconds. !Teknix:*! has anyone re-tested that with 2.2.x ? !netgod:*! yeah, 4 seconds now
<netgod> you know <netgod> its really sad when the internic itself can't configure DNS servers right <netgod> it just doesn't get any more pathetic than that
Netscape is not a newsreader, and probably never shall be.
Neuroses are red, Melancholia's blue. I'm schizophrenic, What are you?
Neurotics build castles in the sky, Psychotics live in them, And psychiatrists collect the rent.
Neutrinos are into physicists.
Neutrinos have bad breadth.
neutron bomb, n.: An explosive device of limited military value because, as it only destroys people without destroying property, it must be used in conjunction with bombs that destroy property.
Never appeal to a man's "better nature." He may not have one. Invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage.
Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.
Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
"Never ascribe to malice that which is caused by greed and ignorance."
Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.
Never ask two questions in a business letter. The reply will discuss the one you are least interested, and say nothing about the other.
Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Never buy from a rich salesman.
Never buy what you do not want because it is cheap; it will be dear to you.
Never call a man a fool. Borrow from him.
Never commit yourself! Let someone else commit you.
Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Never drink coke in a moving elevator. The elevator's motion coupled with the chemicals in coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the window. Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.
Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.
Never eat anything bigger than your head.
Never eat more than you can lift.
Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.
Never explain. Your friends do not need it and your enemies will never believe you anyway.
"Never face facts; if you do, you'll never get up in the morning."
Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
Never frighten a small man -- he'll kill you.
Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose.
Never give an inch!
"Never give in. Never give in. Never. Never. Never."
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Never have children, only grandchildren.
Never have so many understood so little about so much.
Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.
Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
Never kick a man, unless he's down.
Never laugh at live dragons.
"Never laugh at live dragons, Bilbo you fool!" he said to himself, and it became a favourite saying of his later, and passed into a proverb. "You aren't nearly through this adventure yet," he added, and that was pretty true as well.
Never leave anything to chance; make sure all your crimes are premeditated.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Never let someone who says it cannot be done interrupt the person who is doing it.
Never let your schooling interfere with your education.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
Never make any mistaeks.
Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.
Never play pool with anyone named "Fats".
Never promise more than you can perform.
Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today. There might be a law against it by that time.
Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection unprotected.
NEVER RESPOND TO CRITICAL PRESS. IT IS A GAME YOU CAN ONLY LOSE, AND IT MAKES US LOOK BAD.
Never reveal your best argument.
Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.
Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on that subject.
NEVER swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle -- it might be your bicycle.
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them WHAT to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
(Never thought I'd be telling Malcolm and Ilya the same thing... :-)
Never trust a child farther than you can throw it.
Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.
Never trust an automatic pistol or a D.A.'s deal.
Never trust an operating system.
Never trust an operating system you don't have sources for. ;-)
Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.
Never trust any complicated cocktail that remainds perfectly clear until the last ingredient goes in, and then immediately clouds.
Never trust anyone who says money is no object.
Never try to explain computers to a layman. It's easier to explain sex to a virgin. (Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
Never try to teach a pig to sing. It wastes your time and annoys the pig.
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
"Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon."
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Never underestimate the power of somebody with source code, a text editor, and the willingness to totally hose their system.
Never use "etc." -- it makes people think there is more where there is not or that there is not space to list it all, etc.
Never volunteer for anything.
Never worry about theory as long as the machinery does what it's supposed to do.
new, adj.: Different color from previous model.
NEWARK has been REZONED!! DES MOINES has been REZONED!!
New crypt. See /usr/news/crypt.
New customers only.
New England Life, of course. Why do you ask?
New Hampshire law forbids you to tap your feet, nod your head, or in any way keep time to the music in a tavern, restaurant, or cafe.
Newlan's Truism: An "acceptable" level of unemployment means that the government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.
Newman's Discovery: Your best dreams may not come true; fortunately, neither will your worst dreams.
New members are urgently needed in the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Yourself. Apply within.
*** NEWS FLASH *** Archeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur skeleton! Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive than DEC admits. Price adjustments at 11:00.
 *** NEWSFLASH *** Russian tanks steamrolling through New Jersey!!!! Details at eleven!
NEWS FLASH!! Today the East German pole-vault champion became the West German pole-vault champion.
news: gotcha
New systems generate new problems.
Newton's Law of Gravitation: What goes up must come down. But don't expect it to come down where you can find it. Murphy's Law applies to Newton's.
Newton's Little-Known Seventh Law: A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Internet users who spend even a few hours a week online at home experience higher levels of depression and loneliness than if they had used the computer network less frequently, The New York Times reported Sunday. The result ... surprised both researchers and sponsors, which included Intel Corp., Hewlett Packard, AT&T Research and Apple Computer.
New York is a jungle, they tell you. You could go further, and say that New York is a jungle. New York *is a jungle.* Beneath the columns of the old rain forest, made of melting macadam, the mean Limpopo of swamped Ninth Avenue bears an angry argosy of crocs and dragons, tiger fish, noise machines, sweating rainmakers. On the corners stand witchdoctors and headhunters, babbling voodoo-men -- the natives, the jungle-smart natives. And at night, under the equatorial overgrowth and heat-holding cloud cover, you hear the ragged parrot-hoot and monkeysqueak of the sirens, and then fires flower to ward off monsters. Careful: the streets are sprung with pits and nets and traps. Hire a guide. Pack your snakebite gook and your blowdart serum. Take it seriously. You have to get a bit jungle-wise.
New York is real. The rest is done with mirrors.
NEW YORK-- Kraft Foods, Inc. announced today that its board of directors unanimously rejected the $11 billion takeover bid by Philip Morris and Co. A Kraft spokesman stated in a press conference that the offer was rejected because the $90-per-share bid did not reflect the true value of the company. Wall Street insiders, however, tell quite a different story. Apparently, the Kraft board of directors had all but signed the takeover agreement when they learned of Philip Morris' marketing plans for one of their major Middle East subsidiaries. To a person, the board voted to reject the bid when they discovered that the tobacco giant intended to reorganize Israeli Cheddar, Ltd., and name the new company Cheeses of Nazareth.
New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
New York's got the ways and means; Just won't let you be.
New York-- to that tall skyline I come Flyin' in from London to your door New York-- lookin' down on Central Park Where they say you should not wander after dark. New York.
New York... when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you.
Next comes the realist phase ("After all, from a purely geometrical point of view a cat is only a tube with a door at the top."). (Terry Pratchett, The Unadulterated Cat)
Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund.
Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool. Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
Nezvannyi gost'--khuzhe tatarina. [An uninvited guest is worse than the Mongol invasion]
Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
Nice guys don't finish nice.
Nice guys finish last.
Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
Nice guys get sick.
Nick the Greek's Law of Life: All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against.
Nietzsche is pietzsche, but Schiller is killer, and Goethe is moethe.
"Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again. God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again."
Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again. God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again.
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into (Nick-les Worth). Which is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
Nine megs for the secretaries fair, Seven megs for the hackers scarce, Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs, Three megs for system source; One disk to rule them all, One disk to bind them, One disk to hold the files And in the darkness grind 'em.
Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes And tapes without any tracks; Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes And tapes mixed up on the racks -- Take hold of the tape And pull off the strip, And then you'll be sure Your tape drive will skip.
Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules: The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.
"Ninety percent of baseball is half mental."
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
Ninety percent of the time things turn out worse than you thought they would. The other ten percent of the time you had no right to expect that much.
"Nine years of ballet, asshole." couldn't quite, in "Outrageous Fortune"
Nipples, dimples, knuckles, NICKLES, wrinkles, pimples!!
Nirvana? That's the place where the powers that be and their friends hang out.
Nitwit ideas are for emergencies. You use them when you've got nothing else to try. If they work, they go in the Book. Otherwise you follow the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
n = ((n >> 1) & 0x55555555) | ((n << 1) & 0xaaaaaaaa); n = ((n >> 2) & 0x33333333) | ((n << 2) & 0xcccccccc); n = ((n >> 4) & 0x0f0f0f0f) | ((n << 4) & 0xf0f0f0f0); n = ((n >> 8) & 0x00ff00ff) | ((n << 8) & 0xff00ff00); n = ((n >> 16) & 0x0000ffff) | ((n << 16) & 0xffff0000);
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
No alcohol, dogs or horses.
No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No anchovies unless otherwise specified.
No animal should ever jump on the dining room furniture unless absolutely certain he can hold his own in conversation.
No animals were injured.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody can be exactly like me. Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.
Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.
Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.
NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION!
Nobody is one block of harmony. We are all afraid of something, or feel limited in something. We all need somebody to talk to. It would be good if we talked to each other--not just pitter-patter, but real talk. We shouldn't be so afraid, because most people really like this contact; that you show you are vulnerable makes them free to be vulnerable too. It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
Nobody knows the trouble I've been.
Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
Nobody said computers were going to be polite.
Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start coming in late and lying about it.
Nobody shot me. who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre. Only Capone kills like that. The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
Nobody suffers the pain of birth or the anguish of loving a child in order for presidents to make wars, for governments to feed on the substance of their people, for insurance companies to cheat the young and rob the old.
Nobody takes a bribe. Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's different. O'Brien, instructions to the force.
Nobody wants constructive criticism. It's all we can do to put up with constructive praise.
no brainer: A decision which, viewed through the retrospectoscope, is "obvious" to those who failed to make it originally.
< nobse> bleh... last night I had a dream... someone NMU'ed vim... nightmare
No campfires allowed.
No Canadian coins.
No character, however upright, is a match for constantly reiterated attacks, however false.
No Civil War picture ever made a nickel. film rights to "Gone With the Wind". Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"
No committee could ever come up with anything as revolutionary as a camel -- anything as practical and as perfectly designed to perform effectively under such difficult conditions.
No directory.
No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon lectures which are really worth the attending.
No End When government is lazy and informal The people are kind and honest; When government is efficient and severe The people are discontented and deceitful. Good fortune follows upon disaster; Disaster lurks within good fortune; Who can say how things will end? Perhaps there is no end. Honesty is ever deceived; Kindness is ever seduced; Men have been like this for a long time. So the sage is firm but not cutting, Pointed but not piercing, Straight but not rigid, Bright but not blinding.
No enemies had ever taken Ankh-Morpock. Well *technically* they had, quite often; the city welcomed free-spending barbarian invaders, but somehow the puzzled raiders found, after a few days, that they didn't own their horses any more, and within a couple of months they were just another minority group with its own graffiti and food shops.
"No, `Eureka' is Greek for `This bath is too hot.'"
No evil can happen to a good man.
No excellent soul is exempt from a mixture of madness.
No extensible language will be universal.
No foreign coins.
No good deed goes unpunished.
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large.
No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that he will not become a nuisance after three days.
No guts, no glory.
No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware until three software guys have signed off for it.
No, his mind is not for rent To any god or government. Always hopeful, yet discontent, He knows changes aren't permanent - But change is.
No house is childproofed unless the little darlings are in straitjackets.
No house should ever be on any hill or on anything. It should be of the hill, belonging to it.
No, I don't have a drinking problem. I drink, I get drunk, I fall down. No problem!
No, I'm not going to explain it. If you can't figure it out, you didn't want to know anyway... :-)
No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain. All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone and Telegraph Company. machine, 1943.
Noise proves nothing. Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
"No, I understand now," Auberon said, calm in the woods -- it was so simple, really. "I didn't, for a long time, but I do now. You just can't hold people, you can't own them. I mean it's only natural, a natural process really. Meet. Love. Part. Life goes on. There was never any reason to expect her to stay always the same -- I mean `in love,' you know." There were those doubt-quotes of Smoky's, heavily indicated. "I don't hold a grudge. I can't." "You do," Grandfather Trout said. "And you don't understand."
"No job too big; no fee too big!"
No lifeguard on duty.
No line available at 300 baud.
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream. Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more. Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
nolo contendere: A legal term meaning: "I didn't do it, judge, and I'll never do it again."
no maintenance: Impossible to fix.
No male had ever touched Agnes before, except perhaps to push her over and steal her sweets.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.
No man is an Iland, intire of it selfe; every man is a peece of the Continent, a part of the maine; if a Clod bee washed away by the Sea, Europe is the lesse, as well as if a Promontorie were, as well as if a Mannor of thy friends or of thine owne were; any mans death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankinde; And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; It tolls for thee.
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
"No man is free who cannot control himself"
No man is useless who has a friend, and if we are loved we are indispensable.
No man's ambition has a right to stand in the way of performing a simple act of justice.
> No manual is ever necessary. May I politely interject here: BULLSHIT. That's the biggest Apple lie of all!
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.
No matter how fast light travels it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.
No matter how much you do you never do enough.
No matter how old a mother is, she watches her middle-aged children for signs of improvement.
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously cramp his style.
No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.
No matter what other nations may say about the United States, immigration is still the sincerest form of flattery.
No matter what she did with her hair it took about three minutes for it to tangle itself up again, like a garden hosepipe in a shed [Which, no matter how carefully coiled, will always uncoil overnight and tie the lawnmower to the bicycles].
No matter where I go, the place is always called "here".
"No matter where you go, there you are..."
No matter whether th' constitution follows th' flag or not, th' supreme court follows th' iliction returns.
No matter who you are, some scholar can show you the great idea you had was had by someone before you.
Nomes live ten times faster than humans. They're harder to see than a high- speed mouse. That's one reason why most humans hardly ever see them. The other is that humans are very good at not seeing things they know aren't there. And, since sensible humans know that there are no such things as people four inches high, a nome who doesn't want to be seen probably won't be seen.
nominal egg: New Yorkerese for expensive.
"Nominal fee". What an ugly sentence. It's one of those things that implies that if you have to ask, you can't afford it.
No more blah, blah, blah!
No motorized vehicles allowed.
No, my friend, the way to have good and safe government, is not to trust it all to one, but to divide it among the many, distributing to every one exactly the functions he is competent to. It is by dividing and subdividing these republics from the national one down through all its subordinations, until it ends in the administration of every man's farm by himself; by placing under every one what his own eye may superintend, that all will be done for the best.
Noncombatant: A dead Quaker.
Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.
None love the bearer of bad news.
"None of our men are "experts." We have most unfortunately found it necessary to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job. A man who knows a job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient he is. Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the "expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible."
None of our men are "experts." We have most unfortunately found it necessary to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job. A man who knows a job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient he is. Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the "expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
<nonlinear> .net is microsofts perverted version of a java networked environment uglified for windows-specific crap
"No, no, I don't mind being called the smartest man in the world. I just wish it wasn't this one."
"No, no, no, what you do is, you get a gnu, then you point it at the driver and someone says, 'Look out, he's got a gnu!' and you say, 'Take us where we want to go or I'll fire this gnu at you!'" (Terry Pratchett, Truckers)
Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations: Negative expectations yield negative results. Positive expectations yield negative results.
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
Nonsense. Space is blue and birds fly through it.
Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.
No one becomes depraved in a moment.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No one can guarantee the actions of another.
No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a dirty little beast.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one can put you down without your full cooperation.
No-one could sit in that chair. It was full of old T-shirts and books and supper plates and junk. There was a deep sock layer and possibly the Lost Strawberry Yoghurt. No-one could sit down there without special equipment.
No one ever built a statue to a critic.
No one gets sick on Wednesdays.
"No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid."
No one goes to that restaurant anymore-it's always too crowded. (attributed to Yogi Berra)
No one is fit to be trusted with power. ... No one. ... Any man who has lived at all knows the follies and wickedness he's capable of. ... And if he does know it, he knows also that neither he nor any man ought to be allowed to decide a single human fate.
No one knows what he can do till he tries.
*No-one* liked the Joshua N'Clement block. There were two schools of thought about what should be done with it. The people who lived there thought everyone should be taken out en then the block should be blown up, and the people who lived *near* the block just wanted it blown up.
No one likes us. I don't know why. We may not be perfect, We give them money, But heaven knows we try. But are they grateful? But all around, No, they're spiteful, Even our old friends put us down. And they're hateful. Let's drop the big one, They don't respect us, And see what happens. So let's surprise them We'll drop the big one, And pulverize 'em. Asia's crowded, Europe's too old, Africa is far too hot, We'll save Australia. And Canada's too cold. Don't wanna hurt no kangaroos. And South America stole our name We'll build an All-American amusement Let's drop the big one, park there-- There'll be no one left to blame us. They got surfin', too! Boom! goes London, And Boom! Paree. More room for you, Oh, how peaceful it'll be! And more room for me, We'll set everybody free! And every city, You'll wear a Japanese kimono, babe; The whole world round, There'll be Italian shoes for me! Will just be another American town. They all hate us anyhow, So, let's drop the big one now. Let's drop the big one now!
No one may kill a man. Not for any purpose. It cannot be condoned.
No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the one who's giving it.
"No one talks peace unless he's ready to back it up with war." "He talks of peace if it is the only way to live." stardate 5906.5.
No one wants war.
No one was avoiding him, it was just that an apparent random Brownian motion was gently moving everyone away.
No-one would have believed, in the final years of the Century of the Fruitbat, that Discworld affairs were being watched keenly and impatiently by intelligences greater than Man's, or at least much nastier; that their affairs were being scrutinised and studied as a man with a three-day appetite might study the All-You-Can-Gobble-For-A-Dollar menu outside Harga's House of Ribs...
No-one would remember the Good Samaritan if he had only had good intentions. He had money as well.
No other warranty expressed or implied.
No part of this message may reproduce, store itself in a retrieval system, or transmit disease, in any form, without the permissiveness of the author.
No passes accepted for this engagement.
No passing.
No passing zone.
No people are all bad, just as none are all good. Tecumseh, (Shawnee) to his nephew Spemica Lawba 1790
No pig should go sky diving during monsoon For this isn't really the norm. But should a fat swine try to soar like a loon, So what? Any pork in a storm. No pig should go sky diving during monsoon, It's risky enough when the weather is fine. But to have a pig soar when the monsoon doth roar Cast even more perils before swine.
No plain fanfold paper could hold that fractal Puff -- He grew so fast no plotting pack could shrink him far enough. Compiles and simulations grew so quickly tame And swapped out all their data space when Puff pushed his stack frame. (refrain) Puff, he grew so quickly, while others moved like snails And mini-Puffs would perch themselves on his gigantic tail. All the student hackers loved that fractal Puff But DCS did not like Puff, and finally said, "Enough!" (refrain) Puff used more resources than DCS could spare. The operator killed Puff's job -- he didn't seem to care. A gloom fell on the hackers; it seemed to be the end, But Puff trapped the exception, and grew from naught again! (refrain) Refrain: Puff the fractal dragon was written in C, And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory. Puff the fractal dragon was written in C, And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.
No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe their wish has been granted.
No postage necessary if mailed in the United States.
No prisoner's dilemma here. Over the long term, symbiosis is more useful than parasitism. More fun, too. Ask any mitochondria.
No problem is insoluble.
No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
"No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it."
No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.
"No program is perfect," They said with a shrug. "The customer's happy-- What's one little bug?" But he was determined, Then change two, then three more, The others went home. As year followed year. He dug out the flow chart And strangers would comment, Deserted, alone. "Is that guy still here?" Night passed into morning. He died at the console The room was cluttered Of hunger and thirst With core dumps, source listings. Next day he was buried "I'm close," he muttered. Face down, nine edge first. Chain smoking, cold coffee, And his wife through her tears Logic, deduction. Accepted his fate. "I've got it!" he cried, Said "He's not really gone, "Just change one instruction." He's just working late."
No proper program contains an indication which as an operator-applied occurrence identifies an operator-defining occurrence which as an indication-applied occurrence identifies an indication-defining occurrence different from the one identified by the given indication as an indication-applied occurrence.
No purchase necessary.
No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.
Norbert Weiner was the subject of many dotty professor stories. Weiner was, in fact, very absent minded. The following story is told about him: when they moved from Cambridge to Newton his wife, knowing that he would be absolutely useless on the move, packed him off to MIT while she directed the move. Since she was certain that he would forget that they had moved and where they had moved to, she wrote down the new address on a piece of paper, and gave it to him. Naturally, in the course of the day, an insight occurred to him. He reached in his pocket, found a piece of paper on which he furiously scribbled some notes, thought it over, decided there was a fallacy in his idea, and threw the piece of paper away. At the end of the day he went home (to the old address in Cambridge, of course). When he got there he realized that they had moved, that he had no idea where they had moved to, and that the piece of paper with the address was long gone. Fortunately inspiration struck. There was a young girl on the street and he conceived the idea of asking her where he had moved to, saying, "Excuse me, perhaps you know me. I'm Norbert Weiner and we've just moved. Would you know where we've moved to?" To which the young girl replied, "Yes, Daddy, Mommy thought you would forget." The capper to the story is that I asked his daughter (the girl in the story) about the truth of the story, many years later. She said that it wasn't quite true -- that he never forgot who his children were! The rest of it, however, was pretty close to what actually happened...
Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other reason than self-protection. We never recommend any of our graduates, although we cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed their courses.
Normal times may possibly be over forever.
[Norm comes in with an attractive woman.] Coach: Normie, Normie, could this be Vera? Norm: With a lot of expensive surgery, maybe. Coach: What's up, Normie? Norm: The temperature under my collar, Coach. Coach: What would you say to a nice beer, Normie? Norm: Going down?
Norm: Gentlemen, start your taps. Coach: How's life treating you, Norm? Norm: Like it caught me in bed with his wife. Coach: How's life, Norm? Norm: Not for the squeamish, Coach.
[Norm goes into the bar at Vic's Bowl-A-Rama.] Off-screen crowd: Norm! Sam: How the hell do they know him here? Cliff: He's got a life, you know. Woody: What can I do for you, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Elope with my wife. Woody: How's life, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Oh, I'm waiting for the movie.
Norm: Hey, everybody. All: [silence; everybody is mad at Norm for being rich.] Norm: [Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.] Norm! (Norman.) How are you feeling today, Norm? Rich and thirsty. Pour me a beer. Woody: What's the latest, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Zsa-Zsa marries a millionaire, Peterson drinks a beer. Film at eleven. Woody: How are you today, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Never been better, Woody. ... Just once I'd like to be better.
[Norm is angry.] Woody: What can I get you, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Clifford Clavin's head. Sam: Hey, what's happening, Norm? Norm: Well, it's a dog-eat-dog world, Sammy, and I'm wearing Milk-Bone underwear. Sam: How's life in the fast lane, Normie? Norm: Beats me, I can't find the on-ramp.
[Norm returns from the hospital.] Coach: What's up, Norm? Norm: Everything that's supposed to be. Sam: What's new, Normie? Norm: Terrorists, Sam. They've taken over my stomach. They're demanding beer. Coach: What'll it be, Normie? Norm: Just the usual, Coach. I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
[Norm tries to prove that he is not Anton Kreitzer.] Norm: Afternoon, everybody! All: Anton! Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson? Norm: A flashing sign in my gut that says, ``Insert beer here.'' Sam: What can I get you, Norm? Norm: [scratching his beard] Got any flea powder? Ah, just kidding. Gimme a beer; I think I'll just drown the little suckers.
No rock so hard but that a little wave May beat admission in a thousand years.
No running on pool deck.
"No running with scythes!"
"No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of paper." taken over by Rupert Murdoch
No shirt, no shoes, no service.
No skis take rocks like rental skis!
No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary for that purpose to keep awake all day.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
No solicitors.
No sooner had Edger Allen Poe Finished his old Raven, then he started his Old Crow.
No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
No spitting on the Bus! Thank you, The Mgt.
Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
No stopping or standing.
Not affiliated with the American Red Cross.
Not a flying toy.
Not all men who drink are poets. Some of us drink because we aren't poets.
Not all who own a harp are harpers.
"Not a man to mince words. People, yes. But not words."
Not drinking, chasing women, or doing drugs won't make you live longer -- it just seems that way.
NOTE: No warranties, either express or implied, are hereby given. All software is supplied as is, without guarantee. The user assumes all responsibility for damages resulting from the use of these features, including, but not limited to, frustration, disgust, system abends, disk head-crashes, general malfeasance, floods, fires, shark attack, nerve gas, locust infestation, cyclones, hurricanes, tsunamis, local electromagnetic disruptions, hydraulic brake system failure, invasion, hashing collisions, normal wear and tear of friction surfaces, comic radiation, inadvertent destruction of sensitive electronic components, windstorms, the Riders of Nazgul, infuriated chickens, malfunctioning mechanical or electrical sexual devices, premature activation of the distant early warning system, peasant uprisings, halitosis, artillery bombardment, explosions, cave-ins, and/or frogs falling from the sky.
Notes for a ballet, "The Spell": ... Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon ... Sigmund is astounded to see that their leader is part swan and part woman -- unfortunately, divided lengthwise. She enchants Sigmund, who is careful not to make any poultry jokes.
/* * [...] Note that 120 sec is defined in the protocol as the maximum * possible RTT. I guess we'll have to use something other than TCP * to talk to the University of Mars. * PAWS allows us longer timeouts and large windows, so once implemented * ftp to mars will work nicely. */
Note that if I can get you to "su and say" something just by asking, you have a very serious security problem on your system and you should look into it.
Not every question deserves an answer.
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.
Not exactly as shown.
Not far from here, by a white sun, behind a green star, lived the Steelypips, illustrious, industrious, and they hadn't a care: no spats in their vats, no rules, no schools, no gloom, no evil influence of the moon, no trouble from matter or antimatter -- for they had a machine, a dream of a machine, with springs and gears and perfect in every respect. And they lived with it, and on it, and under it, and inside it, for it was all they had -- first they saved up all their atoms, then they put them all together, and if one didn't fit, why they chipped at it a bit, and everything was just fine ...
Not for human consumption.
Not from concentrate.
No, that'd be silly.
No, that's wrong too. Now there's a race condition between the rm and the mv. Hmm, I need more coffee.
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing can be done in one trip.
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
Nothing endures but change.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it. -- John Keats
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced.
Nothing happens.
Nothing Important Happened Today
Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result. Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan. We may as well think of rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant. -- Edmund Burke
Nothing is a problem once you debug the code.
Nothing is as simple as it seems at first Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle Or as finished as it seems in the end.
Nothing is but what is not.
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him.
Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.
Nothing is faster than the speed of light ... To prove this to yourself, try opening the refrigerator door before the light comes on.
Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature. She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
Nothing lasts forever. Where do I find nothing?
Nothing makes a person more productive than the last minute.
Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner. Conscience makes egotists of us all.
Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
Nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss put in an honest day's work.
Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely repugnant to God as everything which is official; and why? because the official is so impersonal and therefore the deepest insult which can be offered to a personality.
Nothing recedes like success.
Nothing shortens a journey so pleasantly as an account of misfortunes at which the hearer is permitted to laugh.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
Nothing succeeds like excess.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Nothing that's forced can ever be right, If it doesn't come naturally, leave it. That's what she said as she turned out the light, And we bent our backs as slaves of the night, Then she lowered her guard and showed me the scars She got from trying to fight Saying, oh, you'd better believe it. [...] Well nothing that's real is ever for free And you just have to pay for it sometime. She said it before, she said it to me, I suppose she believed there was nothing to see, But the same old four imaginary walls She'd built for livin' inside I said oh, you just can't mean it. [...] Well nothing that's forced can ever be right, If it doesn't come naturally, leave it. That's what she said as she turned out the light, And she may have been wrong, and she may have been right, But I woke with the frost, and noticed she'd lost The veil that covered her eyes, I said oh, you can leave it.
Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome.
NOTICE: anyone seen smoking will be assumed to be on fire and will be summarily put out.
NOTICE: Anyone seen smoking will be assumed to be on fire and will be summarily put out.
NOTICE: (The nearest working elevator is in the building across the street.)
Not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Not me, guy. I read the Bash man page each day like a Jehovah's Witness reads the Bible. No wait, the Bash man page IS the bible. Excuse me...
Not one hundred percent efficient, of course ... but nothing ever is.
Not only did I wipe Lemmings from my hard disc, I overwrote it so's I couldn't get it back.
Not only Guinness - Linux is good for you, too.
"Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends." --Woody Allen
Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree. I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
No transfers issued until the bus comes to a complete stop.
Not recommended for children.
Not responsible for lost or stolen articles.
Not responsible for merchandise left over 30 days.
Not responsible for typographical errors.
Not SENSUOUS ... only "FROLICSOME" ... and in need of DENTAL WORK ... in PAIN!!!
Not that I have anything much against redundancy. But I said that already.
Not that I'm against sneaking some notions into people's heads upon occasion. (Or blasting them in outright.)
Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand.
Not valid with other offers or specials.
No two persons ever read the same book.
No use getting too involved in life -- you're only here for a limited time.
No user-servicable parts inside. Refer to qualified service personnel.
Nouvelle cuisine, n.: French for "not enough food". Continental breakfast, n.: English for "not enough food". Tapas, n.: Spanish for "not enough food". Dim Sum, n.: Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.
November, n.: The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery: When comes the revolution, things will be different -- not better, just different.
No violence, gentlemen -- no violence, I beg of you! Consider the furniture!
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Now Denial: To tell oneself that the only time worth living in is the past and that the only time that may ever be interesting again is the future. Culture"
Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure; Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
"Now here's something you're really going to like!"
Now, however it was initially intended, I think BASIC turned out to be one of the first major scripting languages, especially the extended version that DEC put onto its minicomputers called BASIC/PLUS, which happily included recursive functions with arguments. I started out as a BASIC programmer. Some people would say that I'm permanently damaged. Some people are undoubtedly right. But I'm not going to apologize for that. All language designers have their occasional idiosyncrasies. I'm just better at it than most. :-) Anyway, when I was a RSTS programmer on a PDP-11, I certainly treated BASIC as a scripting language, at least in terms of rapid prototyping and process control. I'm sure it warped my brain forever. Perl's statement modifiers are straight out of BASIC/PLUS. It even had some cute sigils on the ends of its variables to distinguish string and integer from floating point. But you could do extreme programming. In fact, I had a college buddy I did pair programming with. We took a compiler writing class together and studied all that fancy stuff from the dragon book. Then of course the professor announced we would be implementing our own language, called PL/0. After thinking about it a while, we announced that we were going to do our project in BASIC. The professor looked at us like were insane. Nobody else in the class was using BASIC. And you know what? Nobody else in the class finished their compiler either. We not only finished but added I/O extensions, and called it PL 0.5. That's rapid prototyping.
Now I am depressed ...
Now I can finally explain to everyone why I do this. I just got $7 worth of free stuff for working on Debian !
now. I fed the cat.
Now, if the leaders of the world -- people who are leaders by virtue of political, military or financial power, and not necessarily wisdom or consideration for mankind -- if these leaders manage not to pull us over the brink into planetary suicide, despite their occasional pompous suggestions that they may feel obliged to do so, we may survive beyond 1988.
Now I know someone out there is going to claim, "Well then, UNIX is intuitive, because you only need to learn 5000 commands, and then everything else follows from that! Har har har!"
Now I lay me back to sleep. The speaker's dull; the subject's deep. If he should stop before I wake, Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
Now I lay me down to sleep I hear the sirens in the street All my dreams are made of chrome I have no way to get back home
Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the double lock will keep; May no brick through the window break, And, no one rob me till I awake.
Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep, If I should die before I wake, I'll cry in anguish, "Mistake!! Mistake!!"
Now I lay me down to study, I pray the Lord I won't go nutty. And if I fail to learn this junk, I pray the Lord that I won't flunk. But if I do, don't pity me at all, Just lay my bones in the study hall. Tell my teacher I've done my best, Then pile my books upon my chest.
Now I'm being INVOLUNTARILY shuffled closer to the CLAM DIP with the BROKEN PLASTIC FORKS in it!!
Now I'm concentrating on a specific tank battle toward the end of World War II!
Now I'm having INSIPID THOUGHTS about the beautiful, round wives of HOLLYWOOD MOVIE MOGULS encased in PLEXIGLASS CARS and being approached by SMALL BOYS selling FRUIT ...
Now, I'm not the only language designer with irrationalities. You can think of some languages to go with some of these things. * "We've got to start over from scratch" - Well, that's almost any academic language you find. * "English phrases" - Well that's Cobol. You know, cargo cult English. (laughter) * "Text processing doesn't matter much" - Fortran. * "Simple languages produce simple solutions" - C. * "If I wanted it fast, I'd write it in C" - That's almost a direct quote from the original awk page. * "I thought of a way to do it so it must be right" - That's obviously PHP. (laughter and applause) * "You can build anything with NAND gates" - Any language designed by an electrical engineer. (laughter) * "This is a very high level language, who cares about bits?" - The entire scope of fourth generation languages fell into this… problem. * "Users care about elegance" - A lot of languages from Europe tend to fall into this. You know, Eiffel. * "The specification is good enough" - Ada. * "Abstraction equals usability" - Scheme. Things like that. * "The common kernel should be as small as possible" - Forth. * "Let's make this easy for the computer" - Lisp. (laughter) * "Most programs are designed top-down" - Pascal. (laughter) * "Everything is a vector" - APL. * "Everything is an object" - Smalltalk and its children. (whispered:) Ruby. (laughter) * "Everything is a hypothesis" - Prolog. (laughter) * "Everything is a function" - Haskell. (laughter) * "Programmers should never have been given free will" - Obviously, Python. (laughter) So my psychological conjecture is that normal people, if they perceive that a computer language is forcing them to learn theory, they won't like it. In other words, hide the fancy stuff. It can be there, just hide it.
Now in terms of the anthropology we try to welcome people into the tribe. We allow people to have their own little fiefdoms, where they are the ruler and can beat up on their followers. We try to let people share with each other. We try to capture knowledge. Both of those things are why we have the CPAN, Comprehensive Perl Archive Network, which is arguably one of the greatest repositories of reusable crappy software in the world. (laughter). And we have a culture of cooperating with other cultures too. We try to make Parrot so that other languages can ran on top of that. We've always tried to hook up Perl with everything. In kind of a humble sort of way. And finally it's culture of fun. At least we try to make it that way. And that's why I give weird talks.
Now is the time for all good men to come to.
Now is the time for drinking; now the time to beat the earth with unfettered foot.
Now I think I just reached the state of HYPERTENSION that comes JUST BEFORE you see the TOTAL at the SAFEWAY CHECKOUT COUNTER!
Now it's time to say goodbye To all our company... M-I-C (see you next week!) K-E-Y (Why? Because we LIKE you!) M-O-U-S-E.
Now, it we had this sort of thing: yield -a for yield to all traffic yield -t for yield to trucks yield -f for yield to people walking (yield foot) yield -d t* for yield on days starting with t ...you'd have a lot of dead people at intersections, and traffic jams you wouldn't believe...
Now I understand the meaning of "THE MOD SQUAD"!
"Now I've got the bead on you with MY disintegrating gun. And when it disintegrates, it disintegrates. (pulls trigger) Well, what you do know, it disintegrated."
Now I was heading, in my hot cage, down towards meat-market country on the tip of the West Village. Here the redbrick warehouses double as carcass galleries and rat hives, the Manhattan fauna seeking its necessary level, living or dead. Here too you find the heavy faggot hangouts, The Spike, the Water Closet, the Mother Load. Nobody knows what goes on in these places. Only the heavy faggots know. Even Fielding seems somewhat vague on the question. You get zapped and flogged and dumped on -- by almost anybody's standards, you have a really terrible time. The average patron arrives at the Spike in one taxi but needs to go back to his sock in two. And then the next night he shows up for more. They shackle themselves to racks, they bask in urinals. Their folks have a lot of explaining to do, if you want my opinion, particularly the mums. Sorry to single you ladies out like this but the story must start somewhere. A craving for hourly murder -- it can't be willed. In the meantime, Fielding tells me, Mother Nature looks on and taps her foot and clicks her tongue. Always a champion of monogamy, she is cooking up some fancy new diseases. She just isn't going to stand for it.
Now KEN and BARBIE are PERMANENTLY ADDICTED to MIND-ALTERING DRUGS ...
Nowlan's Theory: He who hesitates is not only lost, but several miles from the next freeway exit.
Now, let's SEND OUT for QUICHE!!
Now let the song begin! Let us sing together Of sun, star, moon and mist, rain and cloudy weather, Light on the budding leaf, dew on the feather, Wind on the open hill, bells on the heather, Reeds by the shady pool, lilies on the water: Old Tom Bombadil and the River-daughter!
/* now make a new head in the exact same spot */
Now my EMOTIONAL RESOURCES are heavily committed to 23% of the SMELTING and REFINING industry of the state of NEVADA!!
Now of my threescore years and ten, Twenty will not come again, And take from seventy springs a score, It leaves me only fifty more. And since to look at things in bloom Fifty springs are little room, About the woodlands I will go To see the cherry hung with snow.
No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo. Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!
No wonder you're tired! You understood so much today.
NOWPRINT. NOWPRINT. Clemclone, back to the shadows again.
Now she speaks rapidly. "Do you know *why* you want to program?" He shakes his head. He hasn't the faintest idea. "For the sheer *joy* of programming!" she cries triumphantly. "The joy of the parent, the artist, the craftsman. "You take a program, born weak and impotent as a dimly-realized solution. You nurture the program and guide it down the right path, building, watching it grow ever stronger. Sometimes you paint with tiny strokes, a keystroke added here, a keystroke changed there." She sweeps her arm in a wide arc. "And other times you savage whole *blocks* of code, ripping out the program's very *essence*, then beginning anew. But always building, creating, filling the program with your own personal stamp, your own quirks and nuances. Watching the program grow stronger, patching it when it crashes, until finally it can stand alone -- proud, powerful, and perfect. This is the programmer's finest hour!" Softly at first, then louder, he hears the strains of a Sousa march. "This ... this is your canvas! your clay! Go forth and create a masterwork!"
Now's the time to have some big ideas Now's the time to make some firm decisions We saw the Buddha in a bar down south Talking politics and nuclear fission We see him and he's all washed up -- Moving on into the body of a beetle Getting ready for a long long crawl He ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all... Death and Money make their point once more In the shape of Philosophical assassins Mark and Danny take the bus uptown Deadly angels for reality and passion Have the courage of the here and now Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas When you think you got it paid in full You got nothing -- you got nothing at all... We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha. We know his name and he mustn't get away. We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha. It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
Now that day wearies me, My yearning desire Will receive more kindly, Like a tired child, the starry night. Hands, leave off your deeds, Mind, forget all thoughts; All of my forces Yearn only to sink into sleep. And my soul, unguarded, Would soar on widespread wings, To live in night's magical sphere More profoundly, more variously.
Now that I have my "APPLE", I comprehend COST ACCOUNTING!!
Now that you've read Fortune's diet truths, you'll be prepared the next time some housewife or boutique-owner-turned-diet-expert appears on TV to plug her latest book. And, if you still feel a twinge of guilt for eating coffee cake while listening to her exhortations, ask yourself the following questions: (1) Do I dare trust a person who actually considers alfalfa sprouts a food? (2) Was the author's sole motive in writing this book to get rich exploiting the forlorn hopes of chubby people like me? (3) Would a longer life be worthwhile if it had to be lived as prescribed ... without French-fried onion rings, pizza with double cheese, or the occasional Mai-Tai? (Remember, living right doesn't really make you live longer, it just *seems* like longer.) That, and another piece of coffee cake, should do the trick.
"Now the Lord God planted a garden East of Whittier in a place called Yorba Linda, and out of the ground he made to grow orange trees that were good for food and the fruits thereof he labeled SUNKIST ..."
Now there's a violent movie titled, "The Croquet Homicide," or "Murder With Mallets Aforethought."
Now there's three things you can do in a baseball game: you can win or you can lose or it can rain.
"Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm. Gag me with a smurfette."
"Now we'll have to kill you."
"Now we've got a truth to die for!" "No. Men should die for lies. But the truth is too precious to die for."
Now what would they do if I just sailed away? Who the hell really compelled me to leave today? Runnin' low on stories of what made it a ball, What would they do if I made no landfall?"
Now, you might ask, "How do I get one of those complete home tool sets for under $4?" An excellent question. Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where they have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of Raisinets and malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon administration. In either the hardware or housewares department, you'll find an item imported from an obscure Oriental country and described as "Nine Tools in One", consisting of a little handle with interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental notions of tools that Americans might use around the home. Buy it. This is the kind of tool set professionals use. Not only is it inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off if you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to direct sunlight.
No yak too dirty; no dumpster too hollow.
N: Phil Lewis E: beans@bucket.ualr.edu D: Promised to send money if I would put his name in the source tree. S: PO Box 371 S: North Little Rock, Arkansas 72115 S: US
Nuclear powered vacuum cleaners will probably be a reality within 10 years. manufacturers of vacuum cleaners), quoted in The New York Times, June 10, 1955.
"Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile."
"Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of normal routines, for children and adults alike."
"Nuclear war would really set back cable."
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
<NullC> I like the seed code for computing masking curves. <NullC> I've never seen code that made be want to drink before that...
(null cookie; hope that's ok)
"Nulli Sheilae sanguineae"
Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit. [There is no great genius without some touch of madness.]
Numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing.
Nurse Donna: Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid. Groucho: Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together. Nurse Donna: Do you believe in computer dating? Groucho: Only if the computers really love each other.
Nurture The Way bears all things; Harmony nurtures them; Nature shapes them; Use completes them. Each follows the Way and honours harmony, Not by law, But by being. The Way bears, nurtures, shapes, completes, Shelters, comforts, and makes a home for them. Bearing without possessing, Nurturing without taming, Shaping without forcing, This is harmony.
Nusbaum's Rule: The more pretentious the corporate name, the smaller the organization. (For instance, the Murphy Center for the Codification of Human and Organizational Law, contrasted to IBM, GM, and AT&T.)
Nutritional Slumming: Food whose enjoyment stems not from flavor but from a complex mixture of class connotations, nostalgia signals, and packaging semiotics: Katie and I bought this tub of Multi-Whip instead of real whip cream because we thought petroleum distillate whip topping seemed like the sort of food that air force wives stationed in Pensacola back in the early sixties would feed their husbands to celebrate a career promotion. Culture"
"Nvidia's OpenGL drivers are my "gold standard", and it has been quite a while since I have had to report a problem to them, and even their brand new extensions work as documented the first time I try them. When I have a problem on an Nvidia, I assume that it is my fault. With anyone else's drivers, I assume it is their fault. This has turned out correct almost all the time."
Oatmeal raisin.
"Obedience. A religion of slaves. A religion of intellectual death. I like it. Don't ask questions, don't think, obey the Word of the Lord -- as it has been conveniently brought to you by a man in a Rolls with a heavy Rolex on his wrist. I like that job! Where can I sign up?"
Obey all traffic laws.
Objective Visual Turbo Global jIronOpenPerl++.NET™ Enterprise Edition♭ Professional Home Premium Ultimate 64-bit Single-user. — based on a Freenode #perl conversation ( https://is.gd/cCUBY2 )
Objects are lost only because people look where they are not rather than where they are.
Objects in mirror may be closer than they appear.
Oblivion together does not frighten me, beloved. stardate 4770.3.
O'Brian's Law: Everything is always done for the wrong reasons.
O'Brien held up his left hand, its back toward Winston, with the thumb hidden and the four fingers extended. "How many fingers am I holding up, Winston?" "Four." "And if the Party says that it is not four but five -- then how many?" "Four." The word ended in a gasp of pain.
Obscurism: The practice of peppering daily life with obscure references as a subliminal means of showcasing both one's education and one's wish to disassociate from the world of mass culture. Culture"
Observe yon plumed biped fine. To activate its captivation, Deposit on its termination, A quantity of particles saline.
Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
"Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred." 1986, as the shuttle Challenger exploded within view of the grandstands.
Obviously, a man's judgement cannot be better than the information on which he has based it. Give him the truth and he may still go wrong when he has the chance to be right, but give him no news or present him only with distorted and incomplete data, with ignorant, sloppy or biased reporting, with propaganda and deliberate falsehoods, and you destroy his whole reasoning processes, and make him something less than a man.
Obviously I was either onto something, or on something.
Obviously the subject of death was in the air, but more as something to be avoided than harped upon. Possibly the horror that Zaphod experienced at the prospect of being reunited with his deceased relatives led on to the thought that they might just feel the same way about him and, what's more, be able to do something about helping to postpone this reunion.
Obviously your filters are throwing away mail from Randal. :-)
Occam's eraser: The philosophical principle that even the simplest solution is bound to have something wrong with it.
Occupational Slumming: Taking a job well beneath one's skill or education level as a means of retreat from adult responsibilities and/or avoiding failure in one's true occupation. Culture"
Ocean: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man -- who has no gills.
October 12, the Discovery. It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it.
October. This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks in. The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August, and February.
Odd that we think definitions are definitive. :-)
Odets, where is thy sting?
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this: to know so much and have control over nothing.
Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest amount of hot air.
"Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst."
Of all the words of witch's doom There's none so bad as which and whom. The man who kills both which and whom Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
Of course, Ankh-Morpork's citizens had always claimed that the river water was incredibly pure. Any water that had passed through so many kidneys, they reasoned, had to be very pure indeed.
Of course he was all in favour of Armageddon in *general* terms.
Of course I can keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't keep them. -Anthony Haden-Guest
Of course, if someone were to write an extra optimizer step for Perl 5 to evaluate certain parts of the optree and generate native code in memory on certain platforms without writing it out to disk (uh oh…) and then execute that code under certain conditions, all Perl 5 scripts would automatically turn into programs. You know, like .pmc files, or Python's .pyc files. Uh. As well, if more people use Punie (Perl 1 on Parrot) this year than native Perl 1 -- a possibility -- then Perl 1 scripts automatically become Perl 1 programs because Punie can use Parrot's JIT. I don't know if this powerful upgrade from script to program is retroactive, but I see no reason why not. Perl 5 scripts were briefly programs while Ponie was viable, but the removal of the code from the Parrot tree has now downgraded them back to scripts. We apologize for the inconvenience.
Of course, I reserve the right to make wholly stupid changes to Perl if I think they improve the language. :-)
Of course, it is very important to be sober when you take an exam. Many worthwhile careers in the street-cleansing, fruit-picking and subway-guitar-playing industries have been founded on a lack of understanding of this simple fact.
Of course it's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
Of course it's the murder weapon. Who would frame someone with a fake?
"Of course, just because we've heard a spine-chilling, blood-curdling scream of the sort to make your very marrow freeze in your bones doesn't automatically mean there's anything wrong."
"Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix. Everyone knows power tools aren't soluble in alcohol..."
Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix. Everyone knows power tools aren't soluble in alcohol...
Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy.
Of course, this being Perl, we could always take both approaches. :-)
... of course, this probably only happens for tcsh which uses wait4(), which is why I never saw it. Serves people who use that abomination right 8^)
Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon. After a while you'd run out of air to push against.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
Of course, you UNDERSTAND about the PLAIDS in the SPIN CYCLE --
Offer limited to residents of the contiguous United States.
Offer may end without notice.
Offer void where prohibited by law.
Office Automation: The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.
Official Project Stages: (1) Uncritical Acceptance (2) Wild Enthusiasm (3) Dejected Disillusionment (4) Total Confusion (5) Search for the Guilty (6) Punishment of the Innocent (7) Promotion of the Non-participants
Of her charitable pursuits, she (= Sarah Michelle Gellar) says: <<< I started because my mother taught me a long time ago that even when you have nothing, there's ways to give back. And what you get in return for that is tenfold. But it was always hard because I couldn't do a lot. I couldn't do much more than just donate money when I was on [Buffy] because there wasn't time. And now that I have the time, it's amazing. >>>
Often statistics are used as a drunken man uses lampposts -- for support rather than illumination.
Often things ARE as bad as they seem!
Often, when I ask the people I train if they know Perl, they tell me “I don't know Perl. I can only read it”. I wonder whether it indicates that Perl is not a write-only language as some people like to claim.
Of what you see in books, believe 75%. Of newspapers, believe 50%. And of TV news, believe 25% -- make that 5% if the anchorman wears a blazer.
Ogden's Law: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
O give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, Where the deer and the antelope play, Where seldom is heard A discouraging word, 'Cause what can an antelope say?
Oh, and this is another kernel in that great and venerable "BugFree(tm)" series of kernels. So be not afraid of bugs, but go out in the streets and deliver this message of joy to the masses.
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
"Oh, a very useful philosophical animal, your average tortoise. Outrunning metaphorical arrows, beating hares in races... very handy."
Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
Oh, come *on*. Revelation was a mushroom dream that belonged in the Apocrypha. The New Testament is basically about what happened when God got religion.
Oh Dad! We're ALL Devo!
Oh dear, I'm feeling political today. It's just that it's dawned on me that 'zero tolerance' only seems to mean putting extra police in poor, run-down areas, and not in the Stock Exchange.
"Oh dear, I think you'll find reality's on the blink again."
Oh don't the days seem lank and long When all goes right and none goes wrong, And isn't your life extremely flat With nothing whatever to grumble at!
Oh, get ahold of yourself. Nobody's proposing that we parse English.
Oh, give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.
Oh, give me a locus where the gravitons focus Where the three-body problem is solved, Where the microwaves play down at three degrees K, And the cold virus never evolved. (chorus) We eat algea pie, our vacuum is high, Our ball bearings are perfectly round. Our horizon is curved, our warheads are MIRVed, And a kilogram weighs half a pound. (chorus) If we run out of space for our burgeoning race No more Lebensraum left for the Mensch When we're ready to start, we can take Mars apart, If we just find a big enough wrench. (chorus) I'm sick of this place, it's just McDonald's in space, And living up here is a bore. Tell the shiggies, "Don't cry," they can kiss me goodbye 'Cause I'm moving next week to L4! (chorus) CHORUS: Home, home on LaGrange, Where the space debris always collects, We possess, so it seems, two of Man's greatest dreams: Solar power and zero-gee sex.
Oh give me your pity! I'm on a committee, We attend and amend Which means that from morning And contend and defend to night, Without a conclusion in sight. We confer and concur, We defer and demur, We revise the agenda And reiterate all of our thoughts. With frequent addenda And consider a load of reports. We compose and propose, We suppose and oppose, But though various notions And the points of procedure are fun; Are brought up as motions, There's terribly little gets done. We resolve and absolve; But we never dissolve, Since it's out of the question for us To bring our committee To end like this ditty, Which stops with a period, thus.
"Oh, he [a big dog] hunts with papa," she said. "He says Don Carlos [the dog] is good for almost every kind of game. He went duck hunting one time and did real well at it. Then Papa bought some ducks, not wild ducks but, you know, farm ducks. And it got Don Carlos all mixed up. Since the ducks were always around the yard with nobody shooting at them he knew he wasn't supposed to kill them, but he had to do something. So one morning last spring, when the ground was still soft, he took all the ducks and buried them." "What do you mean, buried them?" "Oh, he didn't hurt them. He dug little holes all over the yard and picked up the ducks in his mouth and put them in the holes. Then he covered them up with mud except for their heads. He did thirteen ducks that way and was digging a hole for another one when Tony found him. We talked about it for a long time. Papa said Don Carlos was afraid the ducks might run away, and since he didn't know how to build a cage he put them in holes. He's a smart dog."
Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay I muck with indices and structs all day And when it works, I shout hoo-ray Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
Oh, I don't blame Congress. If I had $600 billion at my disposal, I'd be irresponsible, too.
Oh, I get it!! "The BEACH goes on", huh, SONNY??
Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth, And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings; Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things You have not dreamed of -- Wheeled and soared and swung High in the sunlit silence. Hovering there I've chased the shouting wind along and flung My eager craft through footless halls of air. Up, up along delirious, burning blue I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace, Where never lark, or even eagle flew; And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod The high untrespassed sanctity of space, Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
Oh, I've seen copies [of Linux Journal] around the terminal room at The Labs.
Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song, A medley of extemporanea; And love is thing that can never go wrong; And I am Marie of Roumania.
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD? My friends all got sources, so why can't I see? Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me: To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!
Oh, love is real enough, you will find it some day, but it has one arch-enemy -- and that is life.
"Oh, 'Melia, my dear, this does everything crown! Who could have supposed I should meet you in Town? And whence such fair garments such prosperi-ty?" "Oh, didn't you know I'd been ruined?" said she. "You left us in tatters, without shoes or socks, Tired of digging potatoes, and spudding up docks; And now you've gay bracelets and bright feathers three!" "Yes: That's how we dress when we're ruined," said she. "At home in the barton you said `thee' and `thou,' And `thik oon' and `theas oon' and `t'other;' but now Your talking quite fits 'ee for compa-ny!" "Some polish is gained with one's ruin," said she. "Your hands were like paws then, your face blue and bleak But now I'm bewitched by your delicate cheek, And your little gloves fit like as on any la-dy!" "We never do work when we're ruined," said she. "You used to call home-life a hag-ridden dream, And you'd sigh, and you'd sock; but at present you seem To know not of megrims or melancho-ly!" "True. One's pretty lively when ruined," said she. "I wish I had feathers, a fine sweeping gown, And a delicate face, and could strut about Town!" "My dear--a raw country girl, such as you be, Cannot quite expect that. You ain't ruined," said she.
"Oh my! An `inflammatory attitude' in alt.flame? Never heard of such a thing..."
Oh my GOD -- the SUN just fell into YANKEE STADIUM!!
Oh no, here we go again.. "Linus just made the kernel; it's irritating when he gets credit for Linux" "Yeah, but at least he made the Kernel -- Gates just made the Basic compiler" "That's news to me - have you ever heard of this guy called Paul Allen?" "Doesn't matter - personally I think the Linux kernel isn't all that - I use BSD" "Screw Linus -- he was wrong about BitKeeper and Tivo so he's wrong about MS & Novell" "Yeah, well at least he's not a convicted monopolist" "Yeah, until M$ stops treating me like a criminal I refuse to buy their software" Also insert random quotes and mis-quotes such as: "When Microsoft writes an application for Linux, I've Won." - Linus Torvalds "640kb ought to be enough for everybody" - Bill Gates That about cover it? Can we have a non-childish discussion now? If there's any other slime to be thrown, just reply to this post -- let's keep the forum clean for an actual discussion. [Slashdot comment](http://linux.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=267393&cid=20200075)
Oh no, not again.
oh okay. my mistake. Yafcot:atj(*), mark * Yet another fool coming over this: according to joey
Oh, so there you are!
"Oh sure, this costume may look silly, but it lets me get in and out of dangerous situations -- I work for a federal task force doing a survey on urban crime. Look, here's my ID, and here's a number you can call, that will put you through to our central base in Atlanta. Go ahead, call -- they'll confirm who I am. "Unless, of course, the Astro-Zombies have destroyed it."
Oh, that sound of male ego. You travel halfway across the galaxy and it's still the same song.
Oh, the Slithery Dee, he crawled out of the sea. He may catch all the others, but he won't catch me. No, he won't catch me, stupid ol' Slithery Dee. He may catch all the others, but AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!!!!
Oh this age! How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
Oh, wait, that was Randal...nevermind...
Oh wearisome condition of humanity! Born under one law, to another bound.
Oh, well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.
"Oh what wouldn't I give to be spat at in the face..."
Oh, when I was in love with you, Then I was clean and brave, And miles around the wonder grew How well did I behave. And now the fancy passes by, And nothing will remain, And miles around they'll say that I Am quite myself again.
Oh, wow! Look at the moon!
Oh yeah. Forgot about those. Getting senile, I guess...
Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
Oh yeah? Well, I remember when sex was dirty and the air was clean.
"Oh, yes. The important thing about having lots of things to remember is that you've got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them, you see? You've got to stop. You haven't really been anywhere until you've got back home. I think that's what I mean."
O imitators, you slavish herd!
O, it is excellent To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous To use it like a giant.
"Okay," Bobby said, getting the hang of it, "then what's the matrix? If she's a deck, and Danbala's a program, what's cyberspace?" "The world," Lucas said.
Okay ... I'm going home to write the "I HATE RUBIK's CUBE HANDBOOK FOR DEAD CAT LOVERS" ...
Okay, Okay -- I admit it. You didn't change that program that worked just a little while ago; I inserted some random characters into the executable. Please forgive me. You can recover the file by typing in the code over again, since I also removed the source.
OKAY!! Turn on the sound ONLY for TRYNEL CARPETING, FULLY-EQUIPPED R.V.'S and FLOATATION SYSTEMS!!
OK, enough hype.
O.K., fine.
Ok, I'm just uploading the new version of the kernel, v1.3.33, also known as "the buggiest kernel ever".
> Ok, I see you know what you're doing :-) Either that or I've gotten pretty good at faking it.
"OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard."
OK, so you're a Ph.D. Just don't touch anything.
"Old age and treachery will beat youth and skill every time."
Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.
Old age is always fifteen years old than I am.
Old age is the harbor of all ills.
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
Old Barlow was a crossing-tender at a junction where an express train demolished an automobile and its occupants. Being the chief witness, his testimony was vitally important. Barlow explained that the night was dark, and he waved his lantern frantically, but the driver of the car paid no attention to the signal. The railroad company won the case, and the president of the company complimented the old-timer for his story. "You did wonderfully," he said, "I was afraid you would waver under testimony." "No sir," exclaimed the senior, "but I sure was afraid that durned lawyer was gonna ask me if my lantern was lit."
Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.
Old Japanese proverb: There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji, and those who climb it twice.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Old MacLinus had a stack/l-i-n-u-x/and on this stack he had a trace/l-i-n-u-x with an Oops-Oops here and an Oops-Oops there here an Oops, there an Oops, everywhere an Oops-Oops.
Old mail has arrived.
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to set a bad example.
Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe, She had so many children, She didn't know what to do. So she moved to Atlanta.
Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard To fetch her poor daughter a dress. When she got there, the cupboard was bare And so was her daughter, I guess...
Old musicians never die, they just decompose.
Old programmers never die, they just become managers.
Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.
Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.
Old soldiers never die. Young ones do.
Old timer, n.: One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.
Old Tom Bombadil is a merry fellow, Bright blue his jacket is, and his boots are yellow. None has ever caught him yet, for Tom, he is the master: His songs are stronger songs, and his feet are faster.
Old Tom was the single cracked bronze bell in the University bell tower. The clapper dropped out shortly after it was cast, but the bell still tolled out some tremendously sonorous silences every hour.
`O' LEVEL COUNTER CULTURE Timewarp allowed: 3 hours. Do not scrawl situationalist graffiti in the margins or stub your rollups in the inkwells. Orange may be worn. Credit will be given to candidates who self-actualise. (1) Compare and contrast Pink Floyd with Black Sabbath and say why neither has street credibility. (2) "Even Buddha would have been hard pushed to reach Nirvana squatting on a juggernaut route." Consider the dialectic of inner truth and inner city. (3) Discuss degree of hassle involved in paranoia about being sucked into a black hole. (4) "The Egomaniac's Liberation Front were a bunch of revisionist ripoff merchants." Comment on this insult. (5) Account for the lack of references to brown rice in Dylan's lyrics. (6) "Castenada was a bit of a bozo." How far is this a fair summing up of western dualism? (7) Hermann Hesse was a Pisces. Discuss.
Oliver's Law: Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Olmstead's Law: After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
O Lord, grant that we may always be right, for Thou knowest we will never change our minds.
O love, could thou and I with fate conspire To grasp this sorry scheme of things entire, Might we not smash it to bits And mould it closer to our hearts' desire?
Om began to feel the acute depression that steals over every realist in the presence of an optimist.
omnibiblious, adj.: Indifferent to type of drink. Ex: "Oh, you can get me anything. I'm omnibiblious."
<Omnic> another .sig addition
* Omnic looks at his 33.6k link and then looks at Joy * Mercury cuddles his cable modem.. (=:]
OMNIVERSAL AWARENESS?? Oh, YEH!! First you need four GALLONS of JELL-O and a BIG WRENCH!! ... I think you drop th'WRENCH in the JELL-O as if it was a FLAVOR, or an INGREDIENT ... ... or ... I ... um ... WHERE'S the WASHING MACHINES?
On ability: A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top; a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does.
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
On a morning from a Bogart movie, in a country where they turned back time, You go strolling through the crowd like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime. She comes out of the sun in a silk dress running like a watercolor in the rain. Don't bother asking for explanations, she'll just tell you that she came In the Year of the Cat. She doesn't give you time for questions, as she locks up your arm in hers, And you follow 'till your sense of which direction completely disappears. By the blue-tiled walls near the market stall there's a hidden door she leads you to. These days, she say, I feel my life just like a river running through The Year of the Cat. Well, she looks at you so coolly, And her eyes shine like the moon in the sea. She comes in incense and patchouli, So you take her to find what's waiting inside The Year of the Cat. Well, morning comes and you're still with her, but the bus and the tourists are gone, And you've thrown away your choice and lost your ticket, so you have to stay on. But the drum-beat strains of the night remain in the rhythm of the new-born day. You know some time you're bound to leave her, but for now you're going to stay In the Year of the Cat.
On a normal ascii line, the only safe condition to detect is a 'BREAK' - everything else having been assigned functions by Gnu EMACS.
On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague: "This isn't right. This isn't even wrong."
On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on a surtout peur de souffrir ou de faire souffrir. [One is always a little afraid of love, but above all, one is afraid of pain or causing pain.]
Once, adv.: Enough.
Once again dread deed is done. Canon sleeps, his all-knowing eye shaded to human chance and circumstance. Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley, but Canon's sleep is troubled. Beware, scant days past the Ides of July. Impatient hands wait eagerly to grasp, to hold scant moments of time wrested from life in the full glory of Canon's power; held captive by his unblinking eye. Three golden orbs stand watch; one each to toll the day, hour, minute until predestiny decrees his reawakening. When that feared moment arives, "Ask not for whom the bell tolls, It tolls for thee." Valley Pawn Shop today"
Once Again From the Top Correction notice in the Miami Herald: "Last Sunday, The Herald erroneously reported that original Dolphin Johnny Holmes had been an insurance salesman in Raleigh, North Carolina, that he had won the New York lottery in 1982 and lost the money in a land swindle, that he had been charged with vehicular homicide, but acquitted because his mother said she drove the car, and that he stated that the funniest thing he ever saw was Flipper spouting water on George Wilson. Each of these items was erroneous material published inadvertently. He was not an insurance salesman in Raleigh, did not win the lottery, neither he nor his mother was charged or involved in any way with vehicular homicide, and he made no comment about Flipper or George Wilson. The Herald regrets the errors."
Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict, Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease". Disraeli replied, "That all depends, Sir, upon whether I embrace your principles or your mistress."
Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his roars. Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind the railroad yards." counsel for the supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution law at the Scopes "Monkey Trial" in 1925.
"Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his roars. Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind the railroad yards." supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution law at the Scopes "Monkey Trial" in 1925.
Once I finally figured out all of life's answers, they changed the questions.
Once I got into industry, I wrote a compiler in Pascal for a discrete event simulator, and slavered over the forthcoming Ada specs. As a linguist, I don't think of Ada as a big language. Now, English and Japanese, those are big languages. Ada is just a medium-sized language.
Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
Once, I read that a man be never stronger than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
Once is happenstance, Twice is coincidence, Three times is enemy action.
Once it hits the fan, the only rational choice is to sweep it up, package it, and sell it as fertilizer.
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great crystal river. Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and resisting the current what each had learned from birth. But one creature said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going. I shall let go, and let it take me where it will. Clinging, I shall die of boredom." The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool! Let go, and that current you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will die quicker than boredom!" But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks. Yet, in time, as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more. And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See a miracle! A creature like ourselves, yet he flies! See the Messiah, come to save us all!" And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more Messiah than you. The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go. Our true work is this voyage, this adventure. But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
Once there was a little nerd who loved to read your mail, And then yank back the i-access times to get hackers off his tail, And once as he finished reading from the secretary's spool, He wrote a rude rejection to her boyfriend (how uncool!) And this as delivermail did work and he ran his backfstat, He heard an awful crackling like rat fritters in hot fat, And hard errors brought the system down 'fore he could even shout! And the bio bug'll bring yours down too, ef you don't watch out! And once they was a little flake who'd prowl through the uulog, And when he went to his blit that night to play at being god, The ops all heard him holler, and they to the console dashed, But when they did a ps -ut they found the system crashed! Oh, the wizards adb'd the dumps and did the system trace, And worked on the file system 'til the disk head was hot paste, But all they ever found was this: "panic: never doubt", And the bio bug'll crash your box too, ef you don't watch out! When the day is done and the moon comes out, And you hear the printer whining and the rk's seems to count, When the other desks are empty and their terminals glassy grey, And the load is only 1.6 and you wonder if it'll stay, You must mind the file protections and not snoop around, Or the bio bug'll getcha and bring the system down!
Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea. One day, in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make dolphins live forever! Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird. Carried away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and steal one of these birds. Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was escaping from its cage. The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep. Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his bird. He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his car. Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.
Once, there was NO fun ... This was before MENU planning, FASHION statements or NAUTILUS equipment ... Then, in 1985 ... FUN was completely encoded in this tiny MICROCHIP ... It contain 14,768 vaguely amusing SIT-COM pilots!! We had to wait FOUR BILLION years but we finally got JERRY LEWIS, MTV and a large selection of creme-filled snack cakes!
Once there was this conductor see, who had a bass problem. You see, during a portion of Beethovan's Ninth Symphony in which there are no bass violin parts, one of the bassists always passed a bottle of scotch around. So, to remind himself that the basses usually required an extra cue towards the end of the symphony, the conductor would fasten a piece of string around the page of the score before the bass cue. As the basses grew more and more inebriated, two of them fell asleep. The conductor grew quite nervous (he was very concerned about the pitch) because it was the bottom of the ninth; the score was tied and the basses were loaded with two out.
Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
"Once they go up, who cares where they come down? That's not my department."
Once upon a time, four AMPHIBIOUS HOG CALLERS attacked a family of DEFENSELESS, SENSITIVE COIN COLLECTORS and brought DOWN their PROPERTY VALUES!!
Once upon a time there was a DOS user who saw Unix, and saw that it was good. After typing cp on his DOS machine at home, he downloaded GNU's unix tools ported to DOS and installed them. He rm'd, cp'd, and mv'd happily for many days, and upon finding elvis, he vi'd and was happy. After a long day at work (on a Unix box) he came home, started editing a file, and couldn't figure out why he couldn't suspend vi (w/ ctrl-z) to do a compile.
Once upon a time there was a kingdom ruled by a great bear. The peasants were not very rich, and one of the few ways to become at all wealthy was to become a Royal Knight. This required an interview with the bear. If the bear liked you, you were knighted on the spot. If not, the bear would just as likely remove your head with one swat of a paw. However, the family of these unfortunate would-be knights was compensated with a beautiful sheepdog from the royal kennels, which was itself a fairly valuable possession. And the moral of the story is: The mourning after a terrible knight, nothing beats the dog of the bear that hit you.
Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the smaller prime numbers. 2: The Odd Prime -- It's the only even prime, therefore is odd. QED. 3: The True Prime -- Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true." 31: The Arbitrary Prime -- Determined by unanimous unvote. We needed an arbitrary prime in case the prof asked for one, and so had an election. 91 received the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most. However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all. 41: The Female Prime -- The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is prime for integer values from 1 to 40. 43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair. Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities are derived from those primes. So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.
Once upon this midnight incoherent, While you pondered sentient and crystalline, Over many a broken and subordinate Volume of gnarly lore, While I pestered, nearly singing, Sudddenly there came a hewing, As of someone profusely skulking, Skulking at my chamber door.
Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane complexities. Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science. Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is available to anyone.
Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.
Once you've tried to change the world you find it's a whole bunch easier to change your mind.
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
"One Architecture, One OS" also translates as "One Egg, One Basket".
On Earth, No-one Can Hear You Say "Um".
"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative." Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this. The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
>One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative. Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this. The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
One Bell System - it sometimes works.
One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!
One Bell System - it works.
One big pile is better than two little piles.
One bright Sunday morning, in the shadows of the steeple, By the Relief Office, I seen my people; As they stood there hungry, I stood there whistling, This land was made for you and me. Nobody living can ever stop me, As I go walking that freedom highway; Nobody living can ever make me turn back, This land was made for you and me. As I went walking, I saw a sign there, And on the sign it said: "No Trespassing." But on the other side, it didn't say nothing, That side was made for you and me. [If you ever wondered why Arlo was so anti-establishment when his dad wrote such wonderful patriotic songs, the answer is that you haven't heard all of Woody's songs]
One bug, two bugs, tar bugs, su bugs, grep bugs, mew bugs, old bugs, new bugs. This bug has a little hack, This bug has a broken stack. Say! What a lot of bugs to track. Yes, some are in tar, and some in su. Some are old. And some are new. Some in sed, and some in jed. And some are even in parted. Why are they in parted, jed and sed? I do not know. Bugs should be dead! Some in jpeg, and some in TIFF This TIFF one has an attached diff. From there to here, from here to there Test release bugs are everywhere.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
One can search the brain with a microscope and not find the mind, and can search the stars with a telescope and not find God.
One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.
One could not be a successful scientist without realizing that, in contrast to the popular conception supported by newspapers and mothers of scientists, a goodly number of scientists are not only narrow-minded and dull, but also just stupid.
One day, A mad meta-poet, With nothing to say, Wrote a mad meta-poem That started: "One day, A mad meta-poet, With nothing to say, Wrote a mad meta-poem That started: "One day, [...] sort of close". Were the words that the poet, Finally chose, To bring his mad poem, To some sort of close". Were the words that the poet, Finally chose, To bring his mad poem, To some sort of close".
One day a student came to Moon and said, "I understand how to make a better garbage collector. We must keep a reference count of the pointers to each cons." Moon patiently told the student the following story -- "One day a student came to Moon and said, "I understand how to make a better garbage collector..."
One day a tortoise will learn how to fly.
One day, if he could master GCSE maths and reliably pick up a soldering iron by the end that wasn't hot, he was going to be a Big Man in computers.
One day I'll be dead and THEN you'll all be sorry.
One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached an enlightened state. Much impressed by this news, several of his peers went to speak with him. "We have heard that you are enlightened. Is this true?" his fellow students inquired. "It is", Kyogen answered. "Tell us", said a friend, "how do you feel?" "As miserable as ever", replied the enlightened Kyogen.
"One day I woke up and discovered that I was in love with tripe."
One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the truth. A gallows was erected in front of the city gates. A herald announced, "Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question which will be put to him." Nasrudin was first in line. The captain of the guard asked him, "Where are you going? Tell the truth -- the alternative is death by hanging." "I am going," said Nasrudin, "to be hanged on that gallows." "I don't believe you." "Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!" "But that would make it the truth!" "Exactly," said Nasrudin, "your truth."
One day this guy is finally fed up with his middle-class existence and decides to do something about it. He calls up his best friend, who is a mathematical genius. "Look," he says, "do you suppose you could find some way mathematically of guaranteeing winning at the race track? We could make a lot of money and retire and enjoy life." The mathematician thinks this over a bit and walks away mumbling to himself. A week later his friend drops by to ask the genius if he's had any success. The genius, looking a little bleary-eyed, replies, "Well, yes, actually I do have an idea, and I'm reasonably sure that it will work, but there a number of details to be figured out. After the second week the mathematician appears at his friend's house, looking quite a bit rumpled, and announces, "I think I've got it! I still have some of the theory to work out, but now I'm certain that I'm on the right track." At the end of the third week the mathematician wakes his friend by pounding on his door at three in the morning. He has dark circles under his eyes. His hair hasn't been combed for many days. He appears to be wearing the same clothes as the last time. He has several pencils sticking out from behind his ears and an almost maniacal expression on his face. "WE CAN DO IT! WE CAN DO IT!!" he shrieks. "I have discovered the perfect solution!! And it's so EASY! First, we assume that horses are perfect spheres in simple harmonic motion..."
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.
One does not simply walk into Mordor.
One does not thank logic.
One doesn't have a sense of humor. It has you.
One dusty July afternoon, somewhere around the turn of the century, Patrick Malone was in Mulcahey's Bar, bending an elbow with the other street car conductors from the Brooklyn Traction Company. While they were discussing the merits of a local ring hero, the bar goes silent. Malone turns around to see his wife, with a face grim as death, stalking to the bar. Slapping a four-bit piece down on the bar, she draws herself up to her full five feet five inches and says to Mulcahey, "Give me what himself has been havin' all these years." Mulcahey looks at Malone, who shrugs, and then back at Margaret Mary Malone. He sets out a glass and pours her a triple shot of Rye. The bar is totally silent as they watch the woman pick up the glass and knock back the drink. She slams the glass down on the bar, gasps, shudders slightly, and passes out; falling straight back, stiff as a board, saved from sudden contact with the barroom floor by the ample belly of Seamus Fogerty. Sometime later, she comes to on the pool table, a jacket under her head. Her bloodshot eyes fell upon her husband, who says, "And all these years you've been thinkin' I've been enjoying meself."
One evening Mr. Rudolph Block, of New York, found himself seated at dinner alongside Mr. Percival Pollard, the distinguished critic. "Mr. Pollard," said he, "my book, _The Biography of a Dead Cow_, is published anonymously, but you can hardly be ignorant of its authorship. Yet in reviewing it you speak of it as the work of the Idiot of the Century. Do you think that is fair criticism?" "I am very sorry, sir," replied the critic, amiably, "but it did not occur to me that you really might not wish the public to know who wrote it."
One expresses well the love he does not feel.
One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
One fine day, the bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus, and drove off along the route. No problems for the first few stops -- a few people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well. At the next stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on. Six feet eight, built like a wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground. He glared at the driver and said, "Big John doesn't pay!" and sat down at the back. Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically meek? Well, he was. Naturally, he didn't argue with Big John, but he wasn't happy about it. Well, the next day the same thing happened -- Big John got on again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down. And the next day, and the one after that, and so forth. This grated on the bus driver, who started losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him. Finally he could stand it no longer. He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo, and all that good stuff. By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong; what's more, he felt really good about himself. So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus and said "Big John doesn't pay!," the driver stood up, glared back at the passenger, and screamed, "And why not?" With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a bus pass."
One FISHWICH coming up!!
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim. -- Henry Brook Adams
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.
One good thing about music, Well, it helps you feel no pain. So hit me with music; Hit me with music now.
One good turn asketh another.
One good turn deserves another.
One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.
One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines and end up with the atomic bomb.
One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
ONE: I will donate my entire "BABY HUEY" comic book collection to the downtown PLASMA CENTER ... TWO: I won't START a BAND called "KHADAFY & THE HIT SQUAD" ... THREE: I won't ever TUMBLE DRY my FOX TERRIER again!!
"One lawyer can steal more than a hundred men with guns."
One learns to itch where one can scratch.
ONE LIFE TO LIVE for ALL MY CHILDREN in ANOTHER WORLD all THE DAYS OF OUR LIVES.
One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as one man would have produced alone. These two plus two more will produce half again as many ideas. These four plus four more begin to represent a creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as many ...
One man's constant is another man's variable.
One man's "magic" is another man's engineering. "Supernatural" is a null word.
One man's Mede is another man's Persian.
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
One may be able to quibble about the quality of a single experiment, or about the veracity of a given experimenter, but, taking all the supportive experiments together, the weight of evidence is so strong as readily to merit a wise man's reflection. commenting on psi research
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.
"One minute I'm just another rabbit and happy about it, next minute *whazaam*, I'm thinking. That's a major drawback if you're looking for happiness as a rabbit, let me tell you. You want grass and sex, not thoughts like 'What's it all about, when you get right down to it?'"
One monk said to the other, "The fish has flopped out of the net! How will it live?" The other said, "When you have gotten out of the net, I'll tell you."
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.
"One o'clock pee em! Hello, Insert Name Here!" (Terry Pratchett, Jingo)
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1,000 lines of code.
One of the advantages of being a captain is being able to ask for advice without necessarily having to take it.
One of the chief duties of the mathematician in acting as an advisor... is to discourage... from expecting too much from mathematics.
One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old enough to give you presents they make at school.
One of the highlights of the first Good Omens tour was Neil and I walking through New York singing Shoehorn with Teeth. Well, we'd had a good breakfast. And you don't get mugged, either.
One of the large consolations for experiencing anything unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.
"...one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs."
... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid. He was renowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the time, which obviously worried him, hence the act. He preferred people to be puzzled rather than contemptuous. This above all appeared to Trillian to be genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
One of the most overlooked advantages to computers is... If they do foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they need no answer.
"One of the problems I've always had with propaganda pamphlets is that they're real boring to look at. They're just badly designed. People from the left often are very well-intended, but they never had time to take basic design classes, you know?"
One of the questions that comes up all the time is: How enthusiastic is our support for UNIX? Unix was written on our machines and for our machines many years ago. Today, much of UNIX being done is done on our machines. Ten percent of our VAXs are going for UNIX use. UNIX is a simple language, easy to understand, easy to get started with. It's great for students, great for somewhat casual users, and it's great for interchanging programs between different machines. And so, because of its popularity in these markets, we support it. We have good UNIX on VAX and good UNIX on PDP-11s. It is our belief, however, that serious professional users will run out of things they can do with UNIX. They'll want a real system and will end up doing VMS when they get to be serious about programming. With UNIX, if you're looking for something, you can easily and quickly check that small manual and find out that it's not there. With VMS, no matter what you look for -- it's literally a five-foot shelf of documentation -- if you look long enough it's there. That's the difference -- the beauty of UNIX is it's simple; and the beauty of VMS is that it's all there. [It's been argued that the beauty of UNIX is the same as the beauty of Ken Olsen's brain. Ed.]
One of the reasons Perl is faster than certain other unnamed interpreted languages is that it binds variable names to a particular package (or scope) at compile time rather than at run time.
One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your seat to another passenger. This may seem callous, but it is the best way, really. If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.
One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we've been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We're no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. it is simply too painful to acknowledge -- even to ourselves -- that we've been so credulous. (So the old bamboozles tend to persist as the new bamboozles rise.)
One of the signs of Napoleon's greatness is the fact that he once had a publisher shot.
One of the things I routinely tell people is that if it's in the news, don't worry about it. By definition, "news" means that it hardly ever happens. If a risk is in the news, then it's probably not worth worrying about. When something is no longer reported -- automobile deaths, domestic violence -- when it's so common that it's not news, then you should start worrying."
One of the things that hamper Linux's climb to world domination is the shortage of bad Computer Role Playing Games, or CRaPGs. No operating system can be considered respectable without one.
One of the universal rules of happiness is: always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual.
One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.
One of your most ancient writers, a historian named Herodotus, tells of a thief who was to be executed. As he was taken away he made a bargain with the king: in one year he would teach the king's favorite horse to sing hymns. The other prisoners watched the thief singing to the horse and laughed. "You will not succeed," they told him. "No one can." To which the thief replied, "I have a year, and who knows what might happen in that time. The king might die. The horse might die. I might die. And perhaps the horse will learn to sing.
One organism, one vote.
One or two of the old barrows had been exposed over the years, their huge stones attracting their own folklore. If you left your unshod horse at one of them overnight and placed sixpence on the stone, in the morning the sixpence would be gone and you'd never see your horse again, either...
One Page Principle: A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper cannot be understood.
One person's error is another person's data.
One picture is worth 128K words.
One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
One pill makes you larger, And if you go chasing rabbits And one pill makes you small. And you know you're going to fall. And the ones that mother gives you, Tell 'em a hookah smoking caterpillar Don't do anything at all. Has given you the call. Go ask Alice Call Alice When she's ten feet tall. When she was just small. When men on the chessboard When logic and proportion Get up and tell you where to go. Have fallen sloppy dead, And you've just had some kind of And the White Knight is talking mushroom backwards And your mind is moving low. And the Red Queen's lost her head Go ask Alice Remember what the dormouse said: I think she'll know. Feed your head. Feed your head. Feed your head.
One planet is all you get.
One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan is that there never was a plan in the first place.
One promising concept that I came up with right away was that you could manufacture personal air bags, then get a law passed requiring that they be installed on congressmen to keep them from taking trips. Let's say your congressman was trying to travel to Paris to do a fact-finding study on how the French government handles diseases transmitted by sherbet. Just when he got to the plane, his mandatory air bag, strapped around his waist, would inflate -- FWWAAAAAAPPPP -- thus rendering him too large to fit through the plane door. It could also be rigged to inflate whenever the congressman proposed a law. ("Mr. Speaker, people ask me, why should October be designated as Cuticle Inspection Month? And I answer that FWWAAAAAAPPPP.") This would save millions of dollars, so I have no doubt that the public would violently support a law requiring airbags on congressmen. The problem is that your potential market is very small: there are only around 500 members of Congress, and some of them, such as House Speaker "Tip" O'Neil, are already too large to fit on normal aircraft.
One reason why George Washington Is held in such veneration: He never blamed his problems On the former Administration.
One seldom sees a monument to a committee.
One-Shot Case Study, n.: The scientific equivalent of the four-leaf clover, from which it is concluded all clovers possess four leaves and are sometimes green.
One size fits all.
"One size fits all": Doesn't fit anyone.
One small step for man, one giant stumble for mankind.
One thing about the past. It's likely to last.
...One thing is that, unlike any other Western democracy that I know of, this country has operated since its beginnings with a basic distrust of government. We are constituted not for efficient operation of government, but for minimizing the possibility of abuse of power. It took the events of the Roosevelt era -- a catastrophic economic collapse and a world war -- to introduce the strong central government that we now know. But in most parts of the country today, the reluctance to have government is still strong. I think, barring a series of catastrophic events, that we can look to at least another decade during which many of the big problems around this country will have to be addressed by institutions other than federal government. Intelligence, vice director of the DIA, former director of the NSA, deputy director of Central Intelligence, former chairman and CEO of MCC. [the statist opinions expressed herein are not those of the cookie editor -ed.]
"One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer terror."
One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer terror.
One thought driven home is better than three left on base.
One toke over the line, sweet Mary, One toke over the line, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line. Waitin' for the train that goes home, Hopin' that the train is on time, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line.
*One tool for one job?* <<< Given the nature of current operating systems and applications, do you think the idea of "one tool doing one job well" has been abandoned? If so, do you think a return to this model would help bring some innovation back to software development? (It's easier to toss a small, single-purpose app and start over than it is to toss a large, feature-laden app and start over.) >>> *Rob Pike:* Those days are dead and gone and the eulogy was delivered by Perl.
One tree to rule them all, One tree to find them, One tree to bring them all, and to itself bind them.
One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a new model.
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so, because they bite.
On Krat's main screen appeared the holo image of a man, and several dolphins. From the man's shape, Krat could tell it was a female, probably their leader. "...stupid creatures unworthy of the name `sophonts.' Foolish, pre-sentient upspring of errant masters. We slip away from all your armed might, laughing at your clumsiness! We slip away as we always will, you pathetic creatures. And now that we have a real head start, you'll never catch us! What better proof that the Progenitors favor not you, but us! What better proof..." The taunt went on. Krat listened, enraged, yet at the same time savoring the artistry of it. These men are better than I'd thought. Their insults are wordy and overblown, but they have talent. They deserve honorable, slow deaths.
On-line, adj.: The idea that a human being should always be accessible to a computer.
"Only a brain-damaged operating system would support task switching and not make the simple next step of supporting multitasking."
Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.
Only a fool fights in a burning house.
Only a fool has no doubts.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
Only fools are quoted.
Only God can make random selections.
Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse. Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups -- alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial "we".
Only one creature could have duplicated the expressions on their faces, and that would be a pigeon who has heard not only that Lord Nelson has got down off his column but has also been seen buying a 12-bore repeater and a box of cartridges.
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an elephant.
Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
Only the fittest survive. The vanquished acknowledge their unworthiness by placing a classified ad with the ritual phrase "must sell -- best offer," and thereafter dwell in infamy, relegated to discussing gas mileage and lawn food. But if successful, you join the elite sodality that spends hours unpurifying the dialect of the tribe with arcane talk of bits and bytes, RAMS and ROMS, hard disks and baud rates. Are you obnoxious, obsessed? It's a modest price to pay. For you have tapped into the same awesome primal power that produces credit-card billing errors and lost plane reservations. Hail, postindustrial warrior, subduer of Bounceoids, pride of the cosmos, keeper of the silicone creed: Computo, ergo sum. The force is with you -- at 110 volts. May your RAMS be fruitful and multiply.
"Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core."
Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are busy about can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
Only through hard work and perseverance can one truly suffer.
Only two kinds of witnesses exist. The first live in a neighborhood where a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything or even heard a shot. The second category are the neighbors of anyone who happens to be accused of the crime. These have always looked out of their windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
Only wimps use tape backup: _real_ men just upload their important stuff on ftp, and let the rest of the world mirror it ;)
On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks.
On my planet, to rest is to rest -- to cease using energy. To me, it is quite illogical to run up and down on green grass, using energy, instead of saving it.
On Netscape GPLing their browser: ``How can you trust a browser that ANYONE can hack? For the secure choice, choose Microsoft.''
On nights such as these the gods, as has already been pointed out, play games other than chess with the fates of mortals and the thrones of kings. It is important to remember that they always cheat, right up to the end...
On our campus the UNIX system has proved to be not only an effective software tool, but an agent of technical and social change within the University.
On SECOND thought, maybe I'll heat up some BAKED BEANS and watch REGIS PHILBIN ... It's GREAT to be ALIVE!!
On Thanksgiving Day all over America, families sit down to dinner at the same moment -- halftime.
On the eighth day, God created FORTRAN.
On the fabled hidden continent of Xxxx, somewhere near the rim, there is a lost colony of wizards who wear corks around their pointy hats and live on nothing but prawns.
On the fifth day the Governor of the town called all the tribal chieftains to an audience in the market square, to hear their grievances. He didn't always do anything about them, but at least they got *heard*, and he nodded a lot, and everyone felt better about it at least until they got home. This is politics. (Terry Pratchett, The Carpet People)
On the good ship Enterprise Every week there's a new surprise Where the Romulans lurk And the Klingons often go berserk. Yes, the good ship Enterprise There's excitement anywhere it flies Where Tribbles play And Nurse Chapel never gets her way. See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge, Mr. Spock is at his side. The weekly menace, ooh-ooh It gets fried, scattered far and wide. It's the good ship Enterprise Heading out where danger lies And you live in dread If you're wearing a shirt that's red. "The Good Ship Enterprise," to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop"
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
On the Internet, no one knows you're using Windows NT
On the night before her family moved from Kansas to California, the little girl knelt by her bed to say her prayers. "God bless Mommy and Daddy and Keith and Kim," she said. As she began to get up, she quickly added, "Oh, and God, this is goodbye. We're moving to Hollywood."
On the other hand, life can be an endless parade of TRANSSEXUAL QUILTING BEES aboard a cruise ship to DISNEYWORLD if only we let it!!
On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people. There are lots of phrases. My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright, non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works best, write it down and make that the standard. The OSI view is entirely opposite. You take written contributions from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once. So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well, then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is committed to it. One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
On the road, ZIPPY is a pinhead without a purpose, but never without a POINT.
On the subject of C program indentation: "In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt."
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick tomatoes. Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks. So I picked up one and threw it at a crab apple tree, where it made a good *splat*, and then threw a tomato at my brother. He whipped one back at me. We ducked down by the vines, heaving tomatoes at each other. My sister, who was a good person, said, "You're going to get it." She bent over and kept on picking. What a target! She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over, she looked like the side of a barn. I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground. It looked like it had sat there a week. The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it, and it was very juicy. I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup, when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice. I had to decide quickly. I decided. A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat man doing a belly-flop. With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice. And my sister, who was a good person, obeyed and let go -- and burst into tears. I guess she knew that the pleasure of obedience is pretty thin compared with the pleasure of hearing a rotten tomato hit someone in the rear end.
'On this point we want to be perfectly clear: socialism has nothing to do with equalizing. Socialism cannot ensure conditions of life and consumption in accordance with the principle "From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs." This will be under communism. Socialism has a different criterion for distributing social benefits: "From each according to his ability, to each according to his work."'
On those occasions when the angel managed to get his mind into the twentieth century, it always gravitated to 1950.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
"On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question."
On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], "Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?" I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question.
Onward through the fog.
* o-o always like debmake because he knew exactly what it would do... <ibid> o-o: you would ;-)
Ooh, mommy, mommy, what I have now doesn't work in this extremely unlikely circumstance, so I'll just throw it away and write something completely new.
'Ooohh.. "FreeBSD is faster over loopback, when compared to Linux over the wire". Film at 11.'
"Oook!"
"Oook?"
/* * Oops. The kernel tried to access some bad page. We'll have to * terminate things with extreme prejudice. */ die_if_kernel("Oops", regs, error_code);
OOPS! You naughty creature! You didn't run Configure with sh! I will attempt to remedy the situation by running sh for you...
"Open Channel D..."
Opened for inspection.
Open source software: each person contributes a brick, but ultimately each person receives a house in return.
"Open the pod bay doors, HAL."
Operating Systems Installed: * Debian GNU/Linux 2.1 4 CD Set ($20 from www.chguy.net; price includes taxes, shipping, and a $3 donation to FSF). 2 CDs are binaries, 2 CDs complete source code; * Windows 98 Second Edition Upgrade Version ($136 through Megadepot.com, price does not include taxes/shipping). Surprisingly, no source code is included.
Operating-system software is the program that orchestrates all the basic functions of a computer.
Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.
Oppernockity tunes but once.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
Opposition To reduce someone's influence, first expand it; To reduce someone's force, first increase it; To overthrow someone, first exalt them; To take from someone, first give to them. This is the subtlety by which the weak overcome the strong: Fish should not leave their depths, And swords should not leave their scabbards.
Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to talk to. And you just HAVE to watch it. "Blind, masochistic minority, crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."
O'Propriation: The inclusion of advertising, packaging, and entertainment jargon from earlier eras in everyday speech for ironic and/or comic effect: "Kathleen's Favorite Dead Celebrity party was tons o'fun" or "Dave really thinks of himself as a zany, nutty, wacky, and madcap guy, doesn't he?" Culture"
Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
Optimism, n.: The belief that everything is beautiful, including what is ugly, good, bad, and everything right that is wrong. It is held with greatest tenacity by those accustomed to falling into adversity, and most acceptably expounded with the grin that apes a smile. Being a blind faith, it is inaccessible to the light of disproof -- an intellectual disorder, yielding to no treatment but death. It is hereditary, but not contagious.
optimist, n: A bagpiper with a beeper.
optimist, n.: A proponent of the belief that black is white. A pessimist asked God for relief. "Ah, you wish me to restore your hope and cheerfulness," said God. "No," replied the petitioner, "I wish you to create something that would justify them." "The world is all created," said God, "but you have overlooked something -- the mortality of the optimist."
Optimization hinders evolution.
Option Paralysis: The tendency, when given unlimited choices, to make none. Culture"
Order and simplification are the first steps toward mastery of a subject
Orders subject to approval.
Oregano, n.: The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.
O'Reilly's Law of the Kitchen: Cleanliness is next to impossible
Oreo.
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds. Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born to people you could not have possibly met.
[...] or some clown changed the chips on a board and not its name. (Don't laugh! Look at the SMC etherpower for that.)
Or think about shell programming, and reductionism. How many times have we heard the mantra that a program should do one thing and do it well? Well…Perl does one thing, and does it well. What it does well is to integrate all its features into one language. More importantly, it does this without making them all look like each other. Ducts shouldn't look like girders, and girders shouldn't look like ducts. Neither of those should look like water pipes, and it's really important that water pipes not look like sewer pipes. Or smell like sewer pipes. Modernism says that we should make all these things look the same (and preferably invisible). Postmodernism says it's okay for them to stick out, and to look different, because a duct ought to look like a duct, and a sewer pipe ought to look like a sewer pipe, and hammer ought to look like a hammer, and a telephone ought to look like either a telephone, or a Star Trek communicator. Things that are different should look different.
... or were you driving the PONTIAC that HONKED at me in MIAMI last Tuesday?
<Oryn> anyone know if there is a version of dpkg for redhat?
Or you or I must yield up his life to Ahrimanes. I would rather it were you. I should have no hesitation in sacrificing my own life to spare yours, but we take stock next week, and it would not be fair on the company.
OS/2 Beer: Comes in a 32-oz can. Does allow you to drink several DOS Beers simultaneously. Allows you to drink Windows 3.1 Beer simultaneously too, but somewhat slower. Advertises that its cans won't explode when you open them, even if you shake them up. You never really see anyone drinking OS/2 Beer, but the manufacturer (International Beer Manufacturing) claims that 9 million six-packs have been sold.
OS/2 must die!
OS/2 Skyways: The terminal is almost empty, with only a few prospective passengers milling about. The announcer says that their flight has just departed, wishes them a good flight, though there are no planes on the runway. Airline personnel walk around, apologising profusely to customers in hushed voices, pointing from time to time to the sleek, powerful jets outside the terminal on the field. They tell each passenger how good the real flight will be on these new jets and how much safer it will be than Windows Airlines, but that they will have to wait a little longer for the technicians to finish the flight systems. Maybe until mid-1995. Maybe longer.
Osborn's Law: Variables won't; constants aren't.
<Oskuro> Overfiend: many patches on top of 4.0.1 already? <Overfiend> Oskuro: a few <Overfiend> only 152 megs
O slender as a willow-wand! O clearer than clear water! O reed by the living pool! Fair river-daughter! O spring-time and summer-time, and spring again after! O wind on the waterfall, and the leaves' laughter!
osteopornosis: A degenerate disease.
Other restrictions may apply.
Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
> > Other than the fact Linux has a cool name, could someone explain why I > > should use Linux over BSD? > > No. That's it. The cool name, that is. We worked very hard on > creating a name that would appeal to the majority of people, and it > certainly paid off: thousands of people are using linux just to be able > to say "OS/2? Hah. I've got Linux. What a cool name". 386BSD made the > mistake of putting a lot of numbers and weird abbreviations into the > name, and is scaring away a lot of people just because it sounds too > technical.
"Otherwise, please speak to a doctor about removing your head from your ass, I believe it would be beneficial to all involved."
Other women cloy The appetites they feed, but she makes hungry Where most she satisfies.
O'Toole's commentary on Murphy's Law: Murphy was an optimist.
"Our attitude with TCP/IP is, `Hey, we'll do it, but don't make a big system, because we can't fix it if it breaks -- nobody can.'" "TCP/IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make any difference if it takes a while to fix it."
Our business in life is not to succeed but to continue to fail in high spirits.
Our business is run on trust. We trust you will pay in advance.
Our comedies are not to be laughed at. -Samuel Goldwyn
Our congratulations go to a Burlington Vermont civilian employee of the local Army National Guard base. He recently received a substantial cash award from our government for inventing a device for optical scanning. His device reportedly will save the government more than $6 million a year by replacing a more expensive helicopter maintenance tool with his own, home-made, hand-held model. Not surprisingly, we also have a couple of money-saving ideas that we submit to the Pentagon free of charge: (a) Don't kill anybody. (b) Don't build things that do. (c) And don't pay other people to kill anybody. We expect annual savings to be in the billions.
Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is they charge fifteen cents for them.
Our documentation manager was showing her 2 year old son around the office. He was introduced to me, at which time he pointed out that we were both holding bags of popcorn. We were both holding bottles of juice. But only *he* had a lollipop. He asked his mother, "Why doesn't HE have a lollipop?" Her reply: "He can have a lollipop any time he wants to. That's what it means to be a programmer."
Our father who art in heaven ... I sincerely pray that SOMEBODY at this table will PAY for my SHREDDED WHAT and ENGLISH MUFFIN ... and also leave a GENEROUS TIP ....
Our garden was debated territory between five local cats, and we'd heard that the best way to keep other cats out of the garden was to have one yourself. A moment's rational thought here will spot the slight flaw in this reasoning.
Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.
Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
"Our journeys to the stars will be made on spaceships created by determined, hardworking scientists and engineers applying the principles of science, not aboard flying saucers piloted by little gray aliens from some other dimension." Revisited", The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII, No. 2
"Our journey toward the stars has progressed swiftly. In 1926 Robert H. Goddard launched the first liquid-propelled rocket, achieving an altitude of 41 feet. In 1962 John Glenn orbited the earth. In 1969, only 66 years after Orville Wright flew two feet off the ground for 12 seconds, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and I rocketed to the moon in Apollo 11." Former astronaut and past Director of the National Air and Space Museum
Our little systems have their day; They have their day and cease to be; They are but broken lights of thee.
Our missions are peaceful -- not for conquest. When we do battle, it is only because we have no choice.
Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name. Thy programs run, thy syscalls done, In kernel as it is in user!
Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
Our problems are so serious that the best way to talk about them is lightheartedly.
"Our reruns are better than theirs."
... Our second completely true news item was sent to me by Mr. H. Boyce Connell Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., where he is involved in a law firm. One thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition. If somebody gets handed a name like "H. Boyce," he hangs on to it, puts it on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
Our similarities are different. -Dale Berra, son of Yogi
Our sires' age was worse than our grandsires'. We their sons are more worthless than they: so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
Our [softball] team usually puts the other woman at second base, where the maximum possible number of males can get there on short notice to help out in case of emergency. As far as I can tell, our second basewoman is a pretty good baseball player, better than I am, anyway, but there's no way to know for sure because if the ball gets anywhere near her, a male comes barging over from, say, right field, to deal with it. She's been on the team for three seasons now, but the males still don't trust her. They know, deep in their souls, that if she had to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she probably would elect to save the infant's life, without ever considering whether there were men on base.
Our swords shall play the orators for us.
"Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it."
"Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it." -- Alex Schure
Our way is peace. stardate 4040.7.
++?????++ Out of Cheese Error. Redo From Start.
"Out of Print" is bookseller speak for "We can't be hedgehogged".
"Out of register space (ugh)"
Out of sight is out of mind.
Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside a dog it's too dark to read.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it is too dark to read.
- "Outside! What's it like?" - "Well -- It's sort of big"
Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two complementary directions: to reduce the number of software errors through rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining errors by providing for recovery from them. An interesting footnote to this design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the result of two program errors: the first, in the program that started the problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the system. -- A. L. Scherr, "Functional Structure of IBM Virtual Storage Operating Systems, Part II: OS/VS-2 Concepts and Philosophies," IBM Systems Journal, Vol. 12, No. 4, 1973, pp. 382-400
Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two complementary directions: to reduce the number of software errors through rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining errors by providing for recovery from them. An interesting footnote to this design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the result of two program errors: the first, in the program that started the problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the system. Operating Systems, Part II: OS/VS-2 Concepts and Philosophies," IBM Systems Journal, Vol. 12, No. 4.
Overboarding: Overcompensating for fears about the future by plunging headlong into a job or life-style seemingly unrelated to one's previous life interests: i.e., Amway sales, aerobics, the Republican party, a career in law, cults, McJobs.... Culture"
Overcoming Water overcomes the stone; Without substance it requires no opening; This is the benefit of taking no action. Yet benefit without action, And experience without abstraction, Are practiced by very few.
Overconfidence breeds error when we take for granted that the game will continue on its normal course; when we fail to provide for an unusually powerful resource -- a check, a sacrifice, a stalemate. Afterwards the victim may wail, `But who could have dreamt of such an idiotic-looking move?'
Overdrawn? But I still have checks left!
<Overfiend> as aj would say, waiting always works <Overfiend> either what you want happens, or you die and cannot be perturbed anymore <Overfiend> the trouble with this philosophy is that aj sincerely believes it
<Overfiend> but look at the French. You could spell every word in their language phonetically using only about 6 letters <Overfiend> 4 consonants and 2 vowels <Overfiend> c, f, r, l. And the vowels? Well, one is the sound you make when you have constipation; the other when you have diarrhea <Overfiend> what do you expect from that diet of snails and frogs?
<Overfiend> Culus: wanna suspend me for it? :) <Culus> Overfiend: Go maliciously crack a few severs and we'll talk <Overfiend> Culus: damn, it has to be malicious? <Culus> Overfiend: Sadly, yes
<Overfiend> Don't come crying to me about your "30 minute compiles"!! I have to build X uphill both ways! In the snow! With bare feet! And we didn't have compilers! We had to translate the C code to mnemonics OURSELVES! <Overfiend> And I was 18 before we even had assemblers!
<-- Overfiend has quit ("venturing forth to destroy strange new worlds, and eat life and new civilizations")
<Overfiend_> Intel. Bringing you the cutting-edge technology of 1979 for 22 years now.
<Overfiend> Joy: Hey, I'm an asshole. Assholes emit odious gas. That's what we do.
<Overfiend> lilo: well then, you are probably a responsible thinker. Welcome to a very small club. <lilo> Overfiend: welcome me when you join :)
<Overfiend> ltd: Fine, go through life just pointing and grunting at what you mean. Works for Mac users.
<Overfiend_> Overfiend's First Law of Package Quality: If the maintainer likes to spell part or all of his name in CAPS, the package will suck.
<Overfiend> partycle: I seriously do need a vacation from this package. I actually had a DREAM about introducing a stupid new bug into xbase-preinst last night. That's a Bad Sign.
<Overfiend> penis jokes are okay in mixed company. VMS is NOT!!!
* Overfiend ponders doing an NMU of asclock, in which he simply changes the extended description to "If you bend over and put your head between your legs, you can read the time off your assclock." <doogie> Overfiend: go to bed.
* Overfiend sighs <Overfiend> Netscape sucks. <Overfiend> It is a house of cards resting on a bed of quicksand. <Espy> during an earthquake <Overfiend> in a tornado
<Overfiend> the key to proper French pronunciation is to pull the corners of your mouth down as far as they can possibly go, and then groan like you're constipated <Overfiend> you'll really nail the vowel sounds that way
<Overfiend> the kind of landscape that laughs at "AWD" vehicles and sends them tumbling into ravines
<Overfiend> The Unix way -- everything is a file <Overfiend> The Linux way -- everything is a filesystem :)
<Overfiend> this is the New Overfiend, preacher of Love and Tolerance
<Overfiend> Thunder-: when you get { MessagesLikeThisFromYourHardDrive } <Overfiend> Thunder-: it either means { TheDriverIsScrewy } <Overfiend> or <Overfiend> { YourDriveIsFlakingOut BackUpYourDataBeforeIt'sTooLate PrayToGod }
<Overfiend> we're calling 2.2 _POTATO_??
< Overfiend> whew. < Overfiend> I really need to get some sleep. < Overfiend> but it sure was fun talking guitars, politics, and lesbians.
<Overfiend> xhost +localhost should only be done by people who would paint their hostname and root password on an interstate overpass.
Overflow on /dev/null, please empty the bit bucket.
over in west Philadelphia a puppy is vomiting ...
Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.
Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil...prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon...
Over the shoulder supervision is more a need of the manager than the programming task.
OVER the underpass! UNDER the overpass! Around the FUTURE and BEYOND REPAIR!!
Over the years, I've developed my sense of deja vu so acutely that now I can remember things that *have* happened before ...
O! Wanderers in the shadowed land despair not! For though dark they stand, all woods there be must end at last, and see the open sun go past: the setting sun, the rising sun, the day's end, or the day begun. For east or west all woods must fail ...
Owe no man any thing...
O, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practice to deceive.
Oxygen is a very toxic gas and an extreme fire hazard. It is fatal in concentrations of as little as 0.000001 p.p.m. Humans exposed to the oxygen concentrations die within a few minutes. Symptoms resemble very much those of cyanide poisoning (blue face, etc.). In higher concentrations, e.g. 20%, the toxic effect is somewhat delayed and it takes about 2.5 billion inhalations before death takes place. The reason for the delay is the difference in the mechanism of the toxic effect of oxygen in 20% concentration. It apparently contributes to a complex process called aging, of which very little is known, except that it is always fatal. However, the main disadvantage of the 20% oxygen concentration is in the fact it is habit forming. The first inhalation (occurring at birth) is sufficient to make oxygen addiction permanent. After that, any considerable decrease in the daily oxygen doses results in death with symptoms resembling those of cyanide poisoning. Oxygen is an extreme fire hazard. All of the fires that were reported in the continental U.S. for the period of the past 25 years were found to be due to the presence of this gas in the atmosphere surrounding the buildings in question. Oxygen is especially dangerous because it is odorless, colorless and tasteless, so that its presence can not be readily detected until it is too late.
Ozman's Laws: (1) If someone says he will do something "without fail," he won't. (2) The more people talk on the phone, the less money they make. (3) People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't. (4) Pizza always burns the roof of your mouth.
Ozmosis: The inability of one's job to live up to one's self-image. Culture"
paak, n: A stadium or inclosed playing field. To put or leave (a a vehicle) for a time in a certain location. patato, n: The starchy, edible tuber of a widely cultivated plant. Septemba, n: The 9th month of the year. shua, n: Having no doubt; certain. sista, n: A female having the same mother and father as the speaker. tamato, n: A fleshy, smooth-skinned reddish fruit eaten in salads or as a vegetable. troopa, n: A state policeman. Wista, n: A city in central Masschewsetts. yaad, n: A tract of ground adjacent to a building.
"Pacific Bell Customer Service, this is [..], how can I provide you with excellent customer service today?" "HAHAHAHAHA!! That's good, I like it.." "Um, thanks, they make us say that."
Package sold by weight, not volume.
Packages should build-depend on what they should build-depend.
page 46 ...a report citing a study by Dr. Thomas C. Chalmers, of the Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York, which compared two groups that were being used to test the theory that ascorbic acid is a cold preventative. "The group on placebo who thought they were on ascorbic acid," says Dr. Chalmers, "had fewer colds than the group on ascorbic acid who thought they were on placebo." page 56 The placebo is proof that there is no real separation between mind and body. Illness is always an interaction between both. It can begin in the mind and affect the body, or it can begin in the body and affect the mind, both of which are served by the same bloodstream. Attempts to treat most mental diseases as though they were completely free of physical causes and attempts to treat most bodily diseases as though the mind were in no way involved must be considered archaic in the light of new evidence about the way the human body functions. "Anatomy of an Illness as Perceived by the Patient"
Pain is a thing of the mind. The mind can be controlled.
pain, n.: One thing, at least it proves that you're alive!
Painting, n.: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and exposing them to the critic.
<Palisade> how are we going to pronounce '00 or '01 or '02 and so on? <Deek> Say goodbye to the nineties, say hello to the naughties. :)
<Palisade> knght, sheesh, are you pasting my words out of context in #debian or something? <Palisade> ;) <Knghtbrd> no, but I probably should be ;> <Palisade> d'oh!
Pandora's Rule: Never open a box you didn't close.
panic: can't find /
panic("Foooooooood fight!");
panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped (only kidding)
panic: kernel trap (ignored)
Paper Rabies: Hypersensitivity to littering. Culture"
Paprika Measure: 2 dashes == 1 smidgen 2 smidgens == 1 pinch 3 pinches == 1 soupcon 2 soupcons == 2 much paprika
Paradise is exactly like where you are right now ... only much, much better.
Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.
Paralysis through analysis.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.
Paranoia is heightened awareness.
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
paranoia, n.: A healthy understanding of the way the universe works.
Paranoid Club meeting this Friday. Now ... just try to find out where!
Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems. It's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.
PARDON me, am I speaking ENGLISH?
Pardon me, but do you know what it means to be TRULY ONE with your BOOTH!
"Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother to say it, oh God, I'm so depressed. Here's another of those self-satisfied doors. Life! Don't talk to me about life."
- "Pardon me for living, I'm sure." - NO-ONE GETS PARDONED FOR LIVING.
Pardon me while I laugh.
Pardon this fortune. Database under reconstruction.
Pardo's First Postulate: Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening. Arnold's Addendum: Everything else causes cancer in rats.
Parents are not interested in justice. They are interested in quiet. https://www.amazon.com/Best-Things-Anybody-Ever-Said/dp/0743235797
Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they didn't have much of anything to do with it.
Parkinson's Fifth Law: If there is a way to delay an important decision, the good bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
Parkinson's Fourth Law: The number of people in any working group tends to increase regardless of the amount of work to be done.
Parkinson's Law: Work expands to fill the time alloted it.
Parsley is gharsley.
Parting is such sweet sorrow. -William Shakespeare
Part of language design is purturbing the proposed feature in various directions to see how it might generalize in the future.
Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
party, n.: A gathering where you meet people who drink so much you can't even remember their names.
Pascal: A programming language named after a man who would turn over in his grave if he knew about it.
Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
Pascal is not a high-level language.
"Pascal is Pascal is Pascal is dog meat."
Pascal Users: The Pascal system will be replaced next Tuesday by Cobol. Please modify your programs accordingly.
Pascal Users: To show respect for the 313th anniversary (tomorrow) of the death of Blaise Pascal, your programs will be run at half speed.
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
Pass with care.
Password:
Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.
Patageometry, n.: The study of those mathematical properties that are invariant under brain transplants.
Patch griefs with proverbs.
patent: A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel. In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last resort of the scoundrel. With all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first. When Dr. Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel, he ignored the enormous possibilities of the word reform. Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
Pauca sed matura. [Few but excellent.]
"Paul Lynde to block..."
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.
Paul's Law: In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save.
Paul's Law: You can't fall off the floor.
Pause for storage relocation.
paycheck: The weekly $5.27 that remains after deductions for federal withholding, state withholding, city withholding, FICA, medical/dental, long-term disability, unemployment insurance, Christmas Club, and payroll savings plan contributions.
Payeen to a Twang Derrida Ore-Ida potato. If you dared, I'd ask you to go dig up your ides under brown- tubered skies. where pitchforked you will ask Derrida?
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain."
Pay toll ahead.
Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Peace If you offer music and food Strangers may stop with you; But if you accord with the Way All the people of the world will keep you In safety, health, community, and peace. The Way lacks art and flavour; It can neither be seen nor heard, But its benefit cannot be exhausted.
Peace is much more precious than a piece of land... let there be no more wars.
Peace, n.: In international affairs, a period of cheating between two periods of fighting.
Peace was the way.
Peanut Blossoms 4 cups sugar 16 tbsp. milk 4 cups brown sugar 4 tsp. vanilla 4 cups shortening 14 cups flour 8 eggs 4 tsp. soda 4 cups peanut butter 4 tsp. salt Shape dough into balls. Roll in sugar and bake on ungreased cookie sheet at 375 F. for 10-12 minutes. Immediately top each cookie with a Hershey's kiss or star pressing down firmly to crack cookie. Makes a heck of a lot.
Pecor's Health-Food Principle: Never eat rutabaga on any day of the week that has a "y" in it.
Pedaeration, n.: The perfect body heat achieved by having one leg under the sheet and one hanging off the edge of the bed.
pediddel: A car with only one working headlight.
Pedro Guerrero was playing third base for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1984 when he made the comment that earns him a place in my Hall of Fame. Second baseman Steve Sax was having trouble making his throws. Other players were diving, screaming, signaling for a fair catch. At the same time, Guerrero, at third, was making a few plays that weren't exactly soothing to manager Tom Lasorda's stomach. Lasorda decided it was time for one of his famous motivational meetings and zeroed in on Guerrero: "How can you play third base like that? You've gotta be thinking about something besides baseball. What is it?" "I'm only thinking about two things," Guerrero said. "First, `I hope they don't hit the ball to me.'" The players snickered, and even Lasorda had to fight off a laugh. "Second, `I hope they don't hit the ball to Sax.'"
Peers's Law: The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
PEGGY FLEMMING is stealing BASKET BALLS to feed the babies in VERMONT.
Pelorat sighed. "I will never understand people." "There's nothing to it. All you have to do is take a close look at yourself and you will understand everyone else. How would Seldon have worked out his Plan -- and I don't care how subtle his mathematics was -- if he didn't understand people; and how could he have done that if people weren't easy to understand? You show me someone who can't understand people and I'll show you someone who has built up a false image of himself
Penalty for private use.
PENGUINICITY!!
Penguin Trivia #46: Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices. No one else in town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
pension: A federally insured chain letter.
People (a group that in my opinion has always attracted an undue amount of attention) have often been likened to snowflakes. This analogy is meant to suggest that each is unique -- no two alike. This is quite patently not the case. People ... are simply a dime a dozen. And, I hasten to add, their only similarity to snowflakes resides in their invariable and lamentable tendency to turn, after a few warm days, to slush.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
People are beginning to notice you. Try dressing before you leave the house.
People are going to scream bloody murder about that.
People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.
People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.
People are very flexible and learn to adjust to strange surroundings -- they can become accustomed to read Lisp and Fortran programs, for example.
People came to Ankh-Morpork to seek their fortune. Unfortunately, other people sought it too.
People didn't hit you over the head with farmhouses back home. (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
People disagree with me. I just ignore them.
People don't alter history any more than birds alter the sky, they just make brief patterns in it.
People don't change; they only become more so.
People don't usually make the same mistake twice -- they make it three times, four time, five times...
People have believed for hundreds of years that newts in a well mean that the water's fresh and drinkable, and *in all that time* never asked themselves whether the newts got out to go to the lavatory.
People humiliating a salami!
People in general do not willingly read if they have anything else to amuse them.
People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
People need good lies. There are too many bad ones.
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, or before an election.
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
People respond to people who respond.
People's Action Rules: (1) Some people who can, shouldn't. (2) Some people who should, won't. (3) Some people who shouldn't, will. (4) Some people who can't, will try, regardless. (5) Some people who shouldn't, but try, will then blame others.
People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they *know* me there!
People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people have been left out on the pleasure.
People seem to think that the blanket phrase, "I only work here," absolves them utterly from any moral obligation in terms of the public -- but this was precisely Eichmann's excuse for his job in the concentration camps.
"People should have access to the data which you have about them. There should be a process for them to challenge any inaccuracies."
PEOPLE'S WHOLE LIVES *DO* PASS IN FRONT OF THEIR EYES BEFORE THEY DIE. THE PROCESS IS CALLED 'LIVING'.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
People that can't find something to live for always seem to find something to die for. The problem is, they usually want the rest of us to die for it too.
People The sage does not distinguish between himself and the world; The needs of other people are as his own. He is good to those who are good; He is also good to those who are not good, Thereby he is good. He trusts those who are trustworthy; He also trusts those who are not trustworthy, Thereby he is trustworthy. The sage lives in harmony with the world, And his mind is the world's mind. So he nurtures the worlds of others As a mother does her children.
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.
People think my friend George is weird because he wears sideburns...behind his ears. I think he's weird because he wears false teeth...with braces on them.
People usually get what's coming to them ... unless it's been mailed.
People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get much better press than people who are just funny and smart.
People who are rather more than six feet tall and nearly as broad across the shoulders often have uneventful journeys. People jump out at them from behind rocks then say things like, "Oh. Sorry. I thought you were someone else." (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who develop the habit of thinking of themselves as world citizens are fulfilling the first requirement of sanity in our time.
People who didn't need people needed people around to know that they were the kind of people who didn't need people.
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them.
People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they don't want it.
People who make no mistakes do not usually make anything.
People who push both buttons should get their wish.
People whose concept of ancient history is the first series of Star Trek may be treated with patience, because it's usually not their fault they were reduced to getting their education from school.
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have cold baths.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
People who understand context would be steamed to have someone else dictating how they can call it.
People who used magic without knowing what they were doing usually came to a sticky end. All over the entire room, sometimes.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they did yesterday.
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
"... Percy the Pup here with a cold nose, bright eyes, glossy coat and the brains of a stunned herring." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
Perdita thought that not obeying rules was somehow *cool*. Agnes thought that rules like "Don't fall into this huge pit of spikes" were there for a purpose.
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt. [Confound those who have said our remarks before us.] or [May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
perfect guest: One who makes his host feel at home.
Perfection is achieved only on the point of collapse.
Perfection is reached, not when there is no longer anything to add, but when there is no longer anything to take away.
Perfection The perfect traveller leaves no trail to be followed; The perfect speaker leaves no question to be answered; The perfect accountant leaves no working to be completed; The perfect container leaves no lock to be closed; The perfect knot leaves no end to be ravelled. So the sage nurtures all men And abandons no one. He accepts everything And rejects nothing. He attends to the smallest details. For the strong must guide the weak; The weak are raw material to the strong. If the guide is not respected, Or the material is not cared for, Confusion will result, no matter how clever one is. This is the secret of perfection: When raw wood is carved, it becomes a tool; When a man is employed, he becomes a tool; The perfect carpenter leaves no wood to be carved.
Performance: A statement of the speed at which a computer system works. Or rather, might work under certain circumstances. Or was rumored to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.
Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered. I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
Perhaps Debian is concerned more about technical excellence rather than ease of use by breaking software. In the former we may excel. In the latter we have to concede the field to Microsoft. Guess where I want to go today?
"Perhaps I am flogging a straw herring in mid-stream, but in the light of what is known about the ubiquity of security vulnerabilities, it seems vastly too dangerous for university folks to run with their heads in the sand."
Perhaps I'm missing the gene for making enemies. :-)
Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry without a certain unsoundness of mind.
Perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway.
Perhaps the most widespread illusion is that if we were in power we would behave very differently from those who now hold it -- when, in truth, in order to get power we would have to become very much like them. (Lenin's fatal mistake, both in theory and in practice.)
Perhaps the RBLing (Realtime Black Hole) of msn.com recently, which prevented a large amount of mail going out for about 4 days, has had a positive influence in Redmond. They did agree to work on their anti-relay capabilities at their POPs to get the RBL lifted.
Perhaps the remembrance of these things will prove a source of future pleasure.
Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom. The first is being a bore.
Perhaps they will have to outlaw sending random lists of words. fee fie foe foo [sic]
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves possess.
Periphrasis is the putting of things in a round-about way. "The cost may be upwards of a figure rather below 10m#." is a periphrasis for The cost may be nearly 10m#. "In Paris there reigns a complete absence of really reliable news" is a periphrasis for There is no reliable news in Paris. "Rarely does the 'Little Summer' linger until November, but at times its stay has been prolonged until quite late in the year's penultimate month" contains a periphrasis for November, and another for lingers. "The answer is in the negative" is a periphrasis for No. "Was made the recipient of" is a periphrasis for Was presented with. The periphrasis style is hardly possible on any considerable scale without much use of abstract nouns such as "basis, case, character, connexion, dearth, description, duration, framework, lack, nature, reference, regard, respect". The existence of abstract nouns is a proof that abstract thought has occurred; abstract thought is a mark of civilized man; and so it has come about that periphrasis and civilization are by many held to be inseparable. These good people feel that there is an almost indecent nakedness, a reversion to barbarism, in saying No news is good news instead of "The absence of intelligence is an indication of satisfactory developments."
Perl 5 introduced everything else, including the ability to introduce everything else.
* PerlGeek is really a space alien * Knghtktty believes PerlGeek
Perl has a long tradition of working around compilers.
Perl is designed to give you several ways to do anything, so consider picking the most readable one.
Perl itself is usually pretty good about telling you what you shouldn't do. :-)
Perl programming is an *empirical* science!
Perl will always provide the null.
Persistence in one opinion has never been considered a merit in political leaders.
Personality Tithe: A price paid for becoming a couple; previously amusing human beings become boring: "Thanks for inviting us, but Noreen and I are going to look at flatware catalogs tonight. Afterward we're going to watch the shopping channel." Culture"
Personally, I'd have a far better time writing scripts if I had some more creative shells to script in… ASMsh: The Assembly shell. Commands include MOV, SHL, SHR, JNE, etc. shellTM: Turing machine shell. Only four commands. Read, write, move left, move right. Capable of producing any programming language imaginable, given enough time and nerves of steel. GeneSH: Four commands. G, A, T, C. Need I say more? Qsh: Only uses one environment variable, which contains all possible values simultaneously. Method of scripting: isolate the universe in which the desired result is already accomplished, and intersect with it. Of course, I never said they'd be easy to use. But then, if these shells existed, and I knew a sysadmin who used any of them, you can believe Sysadmin Day would be a far more celebrated holiday. The Night Watchman on a Slashdot Comment
Personally, I don't often talk about social good because when I hear other people talk about social good, that's when I reach for my revolver.
Personally, I like to defiantly split my infinitives. :-)
Personally, I think my choice in the mostest-superlative-computer wars has to be the HP-48 series of calculators. They'll run almost anything. And if they can't, while I'll just plug a Linux box into the serial port and load up the HP-48 VT-100 emulator.
Personally, I think the best motto for an educational establishment is: 'Or Would You Rather Be a Mule?'
Personal Tabu: A small rule for living, bordering on a superstition, that allows one to cope with everyday life in the absence of cultural or religious dictums. Culture"
Personifiers of the world, unite! You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot. By Order of the Author
pessimist: A man who spends all his time worrying about how he can keep the wolf from the door. optimist: A man who refuses to see the wolf until he seizes the seat of his pants. opportunist: A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.
Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.
Peter's Law of Substitution: Look after the molehills, and the mountains will look after themselves. Peter's Principle of Success: Get up one time more than you're knocked down.
Peterson's Admonition: When you think you're going down for the third time -- just remember that you may have counted wrong.
Peterson's Rules: (1) Trucks that overturn on freeways are filled with something sticky. (2) No cute baby in a carriage is ever a girl when called one. (3) Things that tick are not always clocks. (4) Suicide only works when you're bluffing.
Pete: Waiter, this meat is bad. Waiter: Who told you? Pete: A little swallow.
petribar: Any sun-bleached prehistoric candy that has been sitting in the window of a vending machine too long.
"Pets are always a great help in times of stress. And in times of starvation too, o'course."
Pets are always a help in times of stress. And in times of starvation, too, o'course.
* Phaedrus wishes he could get a machine that consists of Sparc IO, Alpha Processors and sleek design of an SGI <pp> And intel prices
<Phase> no... I musn't have any more coffee !!! ;) <Simunye> sure yu do Phase :) <Phase> you really want me bouncing off the ceiling? <Simunye> yesh :) <kira_> bouncing off the ceiling is gewd <Phase> ok, that was a silly question <kira_> it's splatting on the floor that's the problem.
Phasers locked on target, Captain.
Phases of a Project: (1) Exultation. (2) Disenchantment. (3) Confusion. (4) Search for the Guilty. (5) Punishment for the Innocent. (6) Distinction for the Uninvolved.
Philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to exciting Camden, New Jersey.
Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.
Philosophy: A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing.
philosophy: The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.
philosophy: Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
Phone call for chucky-pooh.
phosflink: To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow, that will bring it back to life).
Photographing a volcano is just about the most miserable thing you can do. [Who has clearly never tried to use a PDP-10. Ed.]
Physician: One upon whom we set our hopes when ill and our dogs when well.
Pick another fortune cookie.
Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream, I wonder how the old folks are tonight, Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face, She left me not knowing what to do. Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you, Carefree Highway, you seen better days, The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes, Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you... Turning back the pages to the times I love best, I wonder if she'll ever do the same, Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied, With knowing I got no one left to blame. Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame... Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep, I wonder if the years have closed her mind, I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free, From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
Pickle's Law: If Congress must do a painful thing, the thing must be done in an odd-number year.
"Picture the sun as the origin of two intersecting 6-dimensional hyperplanes from which we can deduce a certain transformational sequence which gives us the terminal velocity of a rubber duck ..."
Pie are not square. Pie are round. Cornbread are square.
Piece of cake!
Pig: An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior in scope, for it balks at pig.
Pilfering Treasury property is particularly dangerous: big thieves are ruthless in punishing little thieves.
Piping down the valleys wild, Piping songs of pleasant glee, On a cloud I saw a child, And he laughing said to me: "Pipe a song about a Lamb!" So I piped with merry cheer. "Piper, pipe that song again;" So I piped: he wept to hear.
Pittsburgh driver's test (10) Potholes are (a) extremely dangerous. (b) patriotic. (c) the fault of the previous administration. (d) all going to be fixed next summer. The correct answer is (b). Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican, imported cars, since the holes are larger than the cars. If you drive a big, patriotic, American car you have nothing to worry about.
Pittsburgh driver's test (2) A traffic light at an intersection changes from yellow to red, you should (a) stop immediately. (b) proceed slowly through the intersection. (c) blow the horn. (d) floor it. The correct answer is (d). If you said (c), you were almost right, so give yourself a half point.
Pittsburgh driver's test (3) When stopped at an intersection you should (a) watch the traffic light for your lane. (b) watch for pedestrians crossing the street. (c) blow the horn. (d) watch the traffic light for the intersecting street. The correct answer is (d). You need to start as soon as the traffic light for the intersecting street turns yellow. Answer (c) is worth a half point.
Pittsburgh driver's test (4) Exhaust gas is (a) beneficial. (b) not harmful. (c) toxic. (d) a punk band. The correct answer is (b). The meddling Washington eco-freak communist bureaucrats who say otherwise are liars. (Message to those who answered (d). Go back to California where you came from. Your kind are not welcome here.)
Pittsburgh driver's test (5) Your car's horn is a vital piece of safety equipment. How often should you test it? (a) once a year. (b) once a month. (c) once a day. (d) once an hour. The correct answer is (d). You should test your car's horn at least once every hour, and more often at night or in residential neighborhoods.
Pittsburgh Driver's Test (7) The car directly in front of you has a flashing right tail light but a steady left tail light. This means (a) one of the tail lights is broken; you should blow your horn to call the problem to the driver's attention. (b) the driver is signaling a right turn. (c) the driver is signaling a left turn. (d) the driver is from out of town. The correct answer is (d). Tail lights are used in some foreign countries to signal turns.
Pittsburgh Driver's Test (8) Pedestrians are (a) irrelevant. (b) communists. (c) a nuisance. (d) difficult to clean off the front grille. The correct answer is (a). Pedestrians are not in cars, so they are totally irrelevant to driving; you should ignore them completely.
Pittsburgh driver's test (9) Roads are salted in order to (a) kill grass. (b) melt snow. (c) help the economy. (d) prevent potholes. The correct answer is (c). Road salting employs thousands of persons directly, and millions more indirectly, for example, salt miners and rustproofers. Most important, salting reduces the life spans of cars, thus stimulating the car and steel industries.
Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
pixel, n.: A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays. The computer industry has frequently borrowed from mythology: Witness the sprites in computer graphics, the demons in artificial intelligence, and the trolls in the marketing department.
PIZZA!!
P-K4
<pkrumins> Prim's algorithm, om nom nom <f00li5h> cats don't like being trapped in trees, is handy to know how to traverse one quickly! <pkrumins> true <pkrumins> the more tree traversal algorithms a kit knows, the sneakier the kit is * f00li5h visits every node, travelling on the minimum weighted edges <pkrumins> sneaky kit
Place me on a BUFFER counter while you BELITTLE several BELLHOPS in the Trianon Room!! Let me one of your SUBSIDIARIES!
Place stamp here.
"Plaese porrf raed."
Plagiarize, plagiarize, Let no man's work evade your eyes, Remember why the good Lord made your eyes, Don't shade your eyes, But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize. Only be sure to call it research.
Planet Claire has pink hair. All the trees are red. No one ever dies there. No one has a head....
"Plan to throw one away. You will anyway."
Plastic... Aluminum... These are the inheritors of the Universe! Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
"Plastic gun. Ingenious. More coffee, please."
Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia because they were liars. The truth was that Plato knew philosophers couldn't compete successfully with poets.
Platonic Shadow: A nonsexual friendship with a member of the opposite sex. Culture"
Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic table.
Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.
Please come again.
Please come home with me ... I have Tylenol!!
Please don't put a strain on our friendship by asking me to do something for you.
Please don't recommend me to your friends-- it's difficult enough to cope with you alone.
PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE! Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer, emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.
Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle, I sometimes forget which side I'm on.
Please go away.
Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.
Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.
Please, Mother! I'd rather do it myself!
Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest or send money.
Please recycle.
Please remain calm, it's no use both of us being hysterical at the same time.
Please remain seated until the ride has come to a complete stop.
/* * Please skip to the bottom of this file if you ate lunch recently * -- Alan */
Please stand for the National Anthem: Australians all, let us rejoice, For we are young and free. We've golden soil and wealth for toil Our home is girt by sea. Our land abounds in nature's gifts Of beauty rich and rare. In history's page, let every stage Advance Australia Fair. In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance Australia Fair. Thank you. You may resume your seat.
Please stand for the National Anthem: God save our Gracious Queen! Long live our Noble Queen! God save the Queen! Send her victorious, Happy and glorious, Long to reign o'er us! God save the Queen! Thank you. You may resume your seat.
Please stand for the National Anthem: O Canada Our home and native land True patriot love In all thy sons' command With glowing hearts we see thee rise The true north strong and free From far and wide, O Canada We stand on guard for thee God keep our land glorious and free O Canada we stand on guard for thee O Canada we stand on guard for thee Thank you. You may resume your seat.
Please stand for the National Anthem: Oh, say can you see by dawn's early light What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming? Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming? And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air, Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there. Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave? Thank you. You may resume your seat.
Please take note:
Please try to limit the amount of "this room doesn't have any bazingas" until you are told that those rooms are "punched out." Once punched out, we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing bazingas, and such.
Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?
PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the solution set.
Plots are like girdles. Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're of no interest except to fetishists. Like girdles, they attempt to contain an uncontainable experience.
PLUG IT IN!!!
Plumbing is one of the easier of do-it-yourself activities, requiring only a few simple tools and a willingness to stick your arm into a clogged toilet. In fact, you can solve many home plumbing problems, such as annoying faucet drip, merely by turning up the radio. But before we get into specific techniques, let's look at how plumbing works. A plumbing system is very much like your electrical system, except that instead of electricity, it has water, and instead of wires, it has pipes, and instead of radios and waffle irons, it has faucets and toilets. So the truth is that your plumbing systems is nothing at all like your electrical system, which is good, because electricity can kill you.
Plus ca change, plus c'est la meme chose. [The more things change, the more they remain the same.]
Poetical sing-song or hypnotically rhythmic meter are often found in the rhetoric of dictators, evangelists, sibyls, politicians, theologians, mountebanks, social "intellectuals", media men, medicine men, hallucinating psychotics, chanting shiites, and screaming terrorists. Consider how millions of normally rational Germans thrilled and responded to the poetical cadence and charisma of the consummate altruist neocheater, Adolph Hitler. The results: a reign of destruction with tens of millions of human beings slaughtered so one impotent man could indulge his mysticism to feel unearned power. All that slaughter was for nothing more than to let one neocheater feel a pseudo self-esteem. …Twenty million dead so one pip-squeak could feel big and important. "So what!" cry the mystics as the lifetime efforts of a thousand productive, innocent individuals are blown to bits every day without a backward glance. So what if the troops roll across the country with military cadence and guns ablaze. So what if they level town after town, reducing to rubble and corpses all the values, beauty, and life that took generations of productive effort to build. And that is all the chanting religious automatons or splendid Panzer divisions know how to do -- to destroy in a moment, without a thought, all the values that producers labored for lifetimes to build. Chanting mobs or marching troops never glance back, never think for a moment of the death and destruction they leave behind. So what! the mystics and neocheaters cry. So what if genocide happens in Russia, Nazi Germany, Cuba, Cambodia, Red China, or in our land. "I don't want to hear it! To hell with the lifetime efforts of productive individuals! …Save the snail darter!" Neo-Tech Advantage No. 104
Poets have tried to describe Ankh-Morpork. They have failed. Perhaps it's the sheer zestful vitality of the place, or maybe it's just that a city with a million inhabitants and no sewers is rather robust for poets, who prefer daffodils and no wonder.
Pohl's law: Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
poisoned coffee, n.: Grounds for divorce.
"Pok pok pok, P'kok!"
Poland has gun control.
Police: Good evening, are you the host? Host: No. Police: We've been getting complaints about this party. Host: About the drugs? Police: No. Host: About the guns, then? Is somebody complaining about the guns? Police: No, the noise. Host: Oh, the noise. Well that makes sense because there are no guns or drugs here. (An enormous explosion is heard in the background.) Or fireworks. Who's complaining about the noise? The neighbors? Police: No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago. Most of the recent complaints have come from Pittsburgh. Do you think you could ask the host to quiet things down? Host: No Problem. (At this point, a Volkswagon bug with primitive religious symbols drawn on the doors emerges from the living room and roars down the hall, past the police and onto the lawn, where it smashes into a tree. Eight guests tumble out onto the grass, moaning.) See? Things are starting to wind down.
Police up your spare rounds and frags. Don't leave nothin' for the dinks.
Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to teach children.
Political speeches are like steer horns. A point here, a point there, and a lot of bull in between.
Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.
Politician: An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of organized society is reared. When he wriggles he mistakes the agitation of his tail for the trembling of the edifice. As compared with the statesman, he suffers the disadvantage of being alive.
Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build a bridge even where there is no river.
Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have been, and never will be wrong.
Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in for politics.
Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous. In war, you can only be killed once.
Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the systematic organisation of hatreds.
Politics: A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles. The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year. And to have the ability afterwards to explain why it didn't happen.
Politics, like religion, hold up the torches of martyrdom to the reformers of error.
Politics makes strange bedfellows, and journalism makes strange politics.
politics, n.: A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles. The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
Politics -- the gentle art of getting votes from the poor and campaign funds from the rich by promising to protect each from the other.
Pollyanna's Educational Constant: The hyperactive child is never absent.
polygon: Dead parrot.
Polymer physicists are into chains.
Poor Buoyancy: The realization that one was a better person when one had less money. Culture"
"Poor man... he was like an employee to me." bodyguard
Poorman's Rule: When you pull a plastic garbage bag from its handy dispenser package, you always get hold of the closed end and try to pull it open.
Poorochrondria: Hypochrondria derived from not having medical insurance. Culture"
Popular pet names Rover, Cheryl and Kate could be a thing of the past. Banks are now advising parents to think carefully before naming their child’s first pet. For security reasons, the chosen name should have at least eight characters, a capital letter and a digit. It should not be the same as the name of any previous pet, and must never be written down, especially on a collar as that is the first place anyone would look. Ideally, children should consider changing the name of their pet every 12 weeks. Expectant mothers have also been advised to choose carefully where they give birth. Anywhere that has a place name is best avoided. These are listed on maps, which are freely available on the Internet. It’s a good idea too, security experts have warned, for children not to get friendly with certain teachers. For instance, Miss Smith may be enriching your son’s education but he should try and see if he can’t make a favourite of Father O’Grinnighan-Scythe II, even though it may mean a lot of staying late. We tried to call Barclays’ security expert R0b Ste!nway for a comment, but he was not available for 24 hours, having answered his phone incorrectly three times in succession.
Populus vult decipi. [The people like to be deceived.]
Porsche: there simply is no substitute.
Portability should be the default.
Portable, adj.: Survives system reboot.
Portions not affecting outcome have been edited for broadcast.
Positive, adj.: Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
Positively no smoking.
<posix> this guy _is_ crazy <stargazer> posix: from the looks of Enlightenment he's on LSD <posix> LSD is nothing compared to what this guy's on..
pos += screamnext[pos] /* does this goof up anywhere? */
Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
Postage will be paid by addressee.
Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.
Post no bills.
Post office will not deliver without proper postage.
Post proelium, praemium. [After the battle, the reward.]
Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents: SPUD ROGERS OF THE 25TH CENTURY: Story of an Air Force potato that's left in a rarely used chow hall for over two centuries and wakes up in a world populated by soybean created imitations under the evil Dick Tater. Thanks to him, the soy-potatoes learn that being a 'tater is where it's at. Memorable line, "'Cause I'm just a stud spud!" FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER SERIES: Crazed potato who was left in a fryer too long and was charbroiled carelessly returns to wreak havoc on unsuspecting, would-be teen camp cooks. Scenes include a girl being stuffed with chives and Fleischman's Margarine and a boy served up on a side dish with beets and dressing. Definitely not for the squeamish, or those on diets that are driving them crazy. FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER II,III,IV,V,VI: Much, much more of the same. Except with sour cream.
Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents: THE TATERNATOR: Cyborg spud returns from the future to present-day McDonald's restaurant to kill the potatoess (girl 'tater) who will give birth to the world's largest french fry (The Dark Powers of Burger King are clearly behind this). Most quotable line: "Ah'll be baked..." A FISTFUL OF FRIES: Western in which our hero, The Spud with No Name, rides into a town that's deprived of carbohydrates thanks to the evil takeover of the low-cal Scallopinni Brothers. Plenty of smokeouts, fry-em-ups, and general butter-melting by all. FOR A FEW FRIES MORE: Takes up where AFOF left off! Cameo by Walter Cronkite, as every man's common 'tater!
Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.
"Pour encourjay lays ortras."
Pournelle must die!
Poverty begins at home.
Poverty Jet Set: A group of people given to chronic traveling at the expense of long-term job stability or a permanent residence. Tend to have doomed and extremely expensive phone-call relationships with people named Serge or Ilyana. Tend to discuss frequent-flyer programs at parties. Culture"
Poverty Lurks: Financial paranoia instilled in offspring by depression-era parents. Culture"
Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many poor people.
poverty, n.: An unfortunate state that persists as long as anyone lacks anything he would like to have.
Power corrupts. Absolute power is kind of neat.
Power corrupts. And atomic power corrupts atomically.
Power is danger.
Power is poison.
Power is the finest token of affection.
Power, like a desolating pestilence, Pollutes whate'er it touches...
Power Mist: The tendency of hierarchies in office environments to be diffuse and preclude crisp articulation. Culture"
Power, n.: The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.
Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Practically perfect people never permit sentiment to muddle their thinking.
Practical people would be more practical if they would take a little more time for dreaming.
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
Practice yourself what you preach.
prairies, n.: Vast plains covered by treeless forests.
Praise the sea; on shore remain.
Pray: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
Predestination was doomed from the start.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
Prejudice: A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
Prepare for tomorrow -- get ready. stardate unknown
Prerecorded for this time zone.
Preserve the old, but know the new.
Preserve wildlife -- pickle a squirrel today!
Preserve Wildlife! Throw a party today!
Presidency: The greased pig in the field game of American politics.
President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
(Presuming for the sake of argument that it's even *possible* to design better code in Perl than in C. :-)
Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!
<pretzelgod> knghtbrd: Quake should support xray vision, dammit <knghtbrd> pretzelgod: ftp://ftp.cdrom.com/pub/quake/partial_conversions/ xrated/i_am_old_enough_to_look_at_this <knghtbrd> ... you asked ... <CosmicRay> haha, that is a real directory
Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning: It's on the other side.
Prevalent beliefs that knowledge can be tapped from previous incarnations or from a "universal mind" (the repository of all past wisdom and creativity) not only are implausible but also unfairly demean the stunning achievements of individual human brains. Psi Phenomena", The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 163-171
Prevent forest fires.
Price does not include taxes.
Price's Advice: It's all a game -- play it to have fun.
Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii.
Prices subject to change without notice.
Price Wang's programmer was coding software. His fingers danced upon the keyboard. The program compiled without an error message, and the program ran like a gentle wind. Excellent!" the Price exclaimed, "Your technique is faultless!" "Technique?" said the programmer, turning from his terminal, "What I follow is the Tao -- beyond all technique. When I first began to program I would see before me the whole program in one mass. After three years I no longer saw this mass. Instead, I used subroutines. But now I see nothing. My whole being exists in a formless void. My senses are idle. My spirit, free to work without a plan, follows its own instinct. In short, my program writes itself. True, sometimes there are difficult problems. I see them coming, I slow down, I watch silently. Then I change a single line of code and the difficulties vanish like puffs of idle smoke. I then compile the program. I sit still and let the joy of the work fill my being. I close my eyes for a moment and then log off." Price Wang said, "Would that all of my programmers were as wise!"
"Pride is all very well, but a sausage is a sausage." (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
Princess Vespa: I am Princess Vespa, daughter of Roland, King of the Druids. Lone Starr: Oh great. That's all we needed. A Druish princess. Barf: Funny, she doesn't look Druish.
Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart. Harvard's is a subtle taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco. It may even be a bad habit, for all I know.
Printed on recycled paper.
Priority: A statement of the importance of a user or a program. Often expressed as a relative priority, indicating that the user doesn't care when the work is completed so long as he is treated less badly than someone else.
Prizes are for children. Pulitzer prize
Probable-Possible, my black hen, She lays eggs in the Relative When. She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now Because she's unable to postulate How.
"Probably the best operating system in the world is the [operating system] made for the PDP-11 by Bell Laboratories." - Ted Nelson, October 1977
Probably the last man who knew how it worked had been tortured to death years before. Or as soon as it was installed. Killing the creator was a traditional method of patent protection.
problem drinker, n.: A man who never buys.
Problem solving under Linux has never been the circus that it is under AIX.
Proboscis: The rudimentary organ of an elephant which serves him in place of the knife-and-fork that Evolution has as yet denied him. For purposes of humor it is popularly called a trunk.
Processed at location stamped in code at top of carton.
Process promptly.
Procrastination means never having to say you're sorry.
Producers seem to be so prejudiced against actors who've had no training. And there's no reason for it. So what if I didn't attend the Royal Academy for twelve years? I'm still a professional trying to be the best actress I can. Why doesn't anyone send me the scripts that Faye Dunaway gets?
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
"Professional certification for car people may sound like an oxymoron." -The Wall Street Journal, page B1, Tuesday, July 17, 1990.
Professional driver on closed track.
Professional sample - not for sale.
Professional wrestling: ballet for the common man.
Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng. 130 midterm. Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam. Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter. Newell's earned exam average has now dropped to a phenomenal 30%.
Prof: So the American government went to IBM to come up with a data encryption standard and they came up with ... Student: EBCDIC!"
Programmers do it bit by bit.
Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
Programming Department: Mistakes made while you wait.
Programming is an unnatural act.
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.
program, n.: A magic spell cast over a computer allowing it to turn one's input into error messages. tr.v. To engage in a pastime similar to banging one's head against a wall, but with fewer opportunities for reward.
program, n.: Any task that can't be completed in one telephone call or one day. Once a task is defined as a program ("training program," "sales program," or "marketing program"), its implementation always justifies hiring at least three more people.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Progress means replacing a theory that is wrong with one more subtly wrong.
Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
progress, n.: Medieval man thought disease was caused by invisible demons invading the body and taking possession of it. Modern man knows disease is caused by microscopic bacteria and viruses invading the body and causing it to malfunction.
Progress was all right. Only it went on too long.
Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.
Promising costs nothing, it's the delivering that kills you.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Proof techniques #1: Proof by Induction. This technique is used on equations with "n" in them. Induction techniques are very popular, even the military used them. SAMPLE: Proof of induction without proof of induction. We know it's true for n equal to 1. Now assume that it's true for every natural number less than n. N is arbitrary, so we can take n as large as we want. If n is sufficiently large, the case of n+1 is trivially equivalent, so the only important n are n less than n. We can take n = n (from above), so it's true for n+1 because it's just about n. QED. (QED translates from the Latin as "So what?")
Proof techniques #2: Proof by Oddity. SAMPLE: To prove that horses have an infinite number of legs. (1) Horses have an even number of legs. (2) They have two legs in back and fore legs in front. (3) This makes a total of six legs, which certainly is an odd number of legs for a horse. (4) But the only number that is both odd and even is infinity. (5) Therefore, horses must have an infinite number of legs. Topics is be covered in future issues include proof by: Intimidation Gesticulation (handwaving) "Try it; it works" Constipation (I was just sitting there and ...) Blatant assertion Changing all the 2's to n's Mutual consent Lack of a counterexample, and "It stands to reason"
"...proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect." Manned Space Flight"
... proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect. "The History of Manned Space Flight"
Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days, but left to itself, a cold will hang on for a week.
Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set: BBW Branch Both Ways BEW Branch Either Way BBBF Branch on Bit Bucket Full BH Branch and Hang BMR Branch Multiple Registers BOB Branch On Bug BPO Branch on Power Off BST Backspace and Stretch Tape CDS Condense and Destroy System CLBR Clobber Register CLBRI Clobber Register Immediately CM Circulate Memory CMFRM Come From -- essential for truly structured programming CPPR Crumple Printer Paper and Rip CRN Convert to Roman Numerals
Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set: DC Divide and Conquer DMPK Destroy Memory Protect Key DO Divide and Overflow EMPC Emulate Pocket Calculator EPI Execute Programmer Immediately EROS Erase Read Only Storage EXCE Execute Customer Engineer HCF Halt and Catch Fire IBP Insert Bug and Proceed INSQSW Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out]) PBC Print and Break Chain PDSK Punch Disk
Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set: PI Punch Invalid POPI Punch Operator Immediately PVLC Punch Variable Length Card RASC Read And Shred Card RPM Read Programmers Mind RSSC reduce speed, step carefully (for improved accuracy) RTAB Rewind tape and break RWDSK rewind disk RWOC Read Writing On Card SCRBL scribble to disk - faster than a write SLC Search for Lost Chord SPSW Scramble Program Status Word SRSD Seek Record and Scar Disk STROM Store in Read Only Memory TDB Transfer and Drop Bit WBT Water Binary Tree
Proposed Country & Western Song Titles I Can't Get Over You, So I Get Up and Go Around to the Other Side If You Won't Leave Me Alone, I'll Find Someone Who Will I Knew That You'd Committed a Sin When You Came Home Late With Your Socks Outside-in I'm a Rabbit in the Headlights of Your Love Don't Kick My Tires If You Ain't Gonna Take Me For a Ride I Liked You Better Before I Knew You So Well I Still Miss You, Baby, But My Aim's Gettin' Better I've Got Red Eyes From Your White Lies and I'm Blue All the Time
Proposed Country & Western Song Titles I Don't Mind If You Lie to Me, As Long As I Ain't Lyin' Alone I Wouldn't Take You to a Dog Fight Even If I Thought You Could Win If You Leave Me, Walk Out Backwards So I'll Think You're Comin' In Since You Learned to Lip-Sync, I'm At Your Disposal My John Deere Was Breaking Your Field, While Your Dear John Was Breaking My Heart Don't Cry, Little Darlin', You're Waterin' My Beer Tennis Must Be Your Racket, 'Cause Love Means Nothin' to You When You Say You Love Me, You're Full of Prunes, 'Cause Living With You Is the Pits I Wanted Your Hand in Marriage but All I Got Was the Finger
Proposed Country & Western Song Titles She Ain't Much to See, but She Looks Good Through the Bottom of a Glass If Fingerprints Showed Up On Skin, I Wonder Whose I'd Find On You I'm Ashamed to be Here, but Not Ashamed Enough to Leave It's Commode Huggin' Time In The Valley If You Want to Keep the Beer Real Cold, Put It Next to My Ex-wife's Heart If You Get the Feeling That I Don't Love You, Feel Again I'm Ashamed To Be Here, But Not Ashamed Enough To Leave It's the Bottle Against the Bible in the Battle For Daddy's Soul My Wife Ran Off With My Best Friend, And I Sure Miss Him Don't Cut Any More Wood, Baby, 'Cause I'll Be Comin' Home With A Load I Loved Her Face, But I Left Her Behind For You
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
Protect from light.
Prototype designs always work.
prototype, n.: First stage in the life cycle of a computer product, followed by pre-alpha, alpha, beta, release version, corrected release version, upgrade, corrected upgrade, etc. Unlike its successors, the prototype is not expected to work.
"Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller than the both put together."
Providence, New Jersey, is one of the few cities where Velveeta cheese appears on the gourmet shelf.
Prunes give you a run for your money.
Pryor's Observation: How long you live has nothing to do with how long you are going to be dead.
"Pseudocode can be used to some extent to aid the maintenance process. However, pseudocode that is highly detailed - approaching the level of detail of the code itself - is not of much use as maintenance documentation. Such detailed documentation has to be maintained almost as much as the code, thus doubling the maintenance burden. Furthermore, since such voluminous pseudocode is too distracting to be kept in the listing itself, it must be kept in a separate folder. The result: Since pseudocode - unlike real code - doesn't have to be maintained, no one will maintain it. It will soon become out of date and everyone will ignore it. (Once, I did an informal survey of 42 shops that used pseudocode. Of those 42, 0 [zero!], found that it had any value as maintenance documentation." --Meilir Page-Jones, "The Practical Guide to Structured Design", Yourdon Press (c) 1988
p.s. - i'm about *this* close to running around in the server room with a pair of bolt cutters, and a large wooden mallet, laughing like a maniac and cutting everything i can fit the bolt cutters around. and whacking that which i cannot. so if i seem semi-incoherent, or just really *really* nasty at times, please forgive me. stress is not a pretty thing. };P
P.S. I suppose I really should be nicer to people today, considering I'll be singing in Billy Graham's choir tonight... :-)
P.S. Perl's master plan (or what passes for one) is to take over the world like English did. Er, *as* English did...
Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents' shortcomings.
Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.
Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself a therapy.
Psychoanalysis?? I thought this was a nude rap session!!!
Psychologists think they're experimental psychologists. Experimental psychologists think they're biologists. Biologists think they're biochemists. Biochemists think they're chemists. Chemists think they're physical chemists. Physical chemists think they're physicists. Physicists think they're theoretical physicists. Theoretical physicists think they're mathematicians. Mathematicians think they're metamathematicians. Metamathematicians think they're philosophers. Philosophers think they're gods.
Psychology. Mind over matter. Mind under matter? It doesn't matter. Never mind.
*** PUBLIC flooding detected from erikyyy <lewnie> THAT's an erik, pholx.... ;)
Public use of any portable music system is a virtually guaranteed indicator of sociopathic tendencies.
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
Pudder's Law: Anything that begins well will end badly. (Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.)
- "Pull me up, then," he hinted. - "I think that might be sort of difficult," grunted Twoflower. "I don't actually think I can do it, in fact." - "What are you holding on to, then?" - "You." - "I mean besides me." - "What do you mean, besides you?" said Twoflower.
Pull-the-Plug, Slice the Pie: A fantasy in which an offspring mentally tallies up the net worth of his parents. Culture"
"Pull the trigger and you're garbage."
"Pull the wool over your own eyes!"
Pumbaa: Timon, ever wonder what those sparkly dots are up there? Timon: Pumbaa, I don't wonder; I know. Pumbaa: Oh. What are they? Timon: They're fireflies. Fireflies that, uh… got stuck up on that big bluish-black thing. Pumbaa: Oh, gee. I always thought they were gigantic balls of gas burning billions of miles away. Timon: Pumbaa, with you, everything's gas.
Punishment becomes ineffective after a certain point. Men become insensitive.
PUNK ROCK!! DISCO DUCK!! BIRTH CONTROL!!
Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
Puns are little "plays on words" that a certain breed of person loves to spring on you and then look at you in a certain self-satisfied way to indicate that he thinks that you must think that he is by far the cleverest person on Earth now that Benjamin Franklin is dead, when in fact what you are thinking is that if this person ever ends up in a lifeboat, the other passengers will hurl him overboard by the end of the first day even if they have plenty of food and water.
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
PURGE COMPLETE.
purpitation, n.: To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you don't want it, and then put it in another section.
Purple hum Assorted cars Laser lights, you bring All to prove You're on the move and vanishing
Pushing 30 is exercise enough.
Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
Push where it gives and scratch where it itches.
Put another password in, Bomb it out, then try again. Try to get past logging in, We're hacking, hacking, hacking. Try his first wife's maiden name, This is more than just a game. It's real fun, but just the same, It's hacking, hacking, hacking.
Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer. Let it simmer. Meanwhile, broil a good steak. Eat the steak. Let the chili simmer. Ignore it. of Texas.
Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!
Put no trust in cryptic comments.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Putt's Law: Technology is dominated by two types of people: Those who understand what they do not manage. Those who manage what they do not understand.
Put your best foot forward. Or just call in and say you're sick.
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
Put your trust in those who are worthy.
<pv2b> oh, besides, whats the best approach if i want to make a Quake level designed from an existing building? <Knghtbrd> Get a floorplan of Brian's office? =) <pv2b> Knghtbrd: im considering my school. <Knghtbrd> Oh great <Knghtbrd> That's ALL we need
Pyros of the world... IGNITE !!!
Q: Are we not men? A: We are Vaxen.
Q: Do you know what the death rate around here is? A: One per person.
QED.
QFM: Quelle fashion mistake. "It was really QFM. I mean painter pants? That's 1979 beyond belief." Culture"
Q: How can I choose what groups to post in? ... Q: How about an example? A: Ok. Let's say you want to report that Gretzky has been traded from the Oilers to the Kings. Now right away you might think rec.sport.hockey would be enough. WRONG. Many more people might be interested. This is a big trade! Since it's a NEWS article, it belongs in the news.* hierarchy as well. If you are a news admin, or there is one on your machine, try news.admin. If not, use news.misc. The Oilers are probably interested in geology, so try sci.physics. He is a big star, so post to sci.astro, and sci.space because they are also interested in stars. Next, his name is Polish sounding. So post to soc.culture.polish. But that group doesn't exist, so cross-post to news.groups suggesting it should be created. With this many groups of interest, your article will be quite bizarre, so post to talk.bizarre as well. (And post to comp.std.mumps, since they hardly get any articles there, and a "comp" group will propagate your article further.) You may also find it is more fun to post the article once in each group. If you list all the newsgroups in the same article, some newsreaders will only show the article to the reader once! Don't tolerate this.
Q: How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying? A: When his lips move.
Q: How did you get into artificial intelligence? A: Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.
Q: How does a hacker fix a function which doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain? A: He changes the domain.
Q: How does a Unix guru have sex? A: unzip;strip;touch;finger;mount;fsck;more;yes;umount;sleep
Q: How does the Polish Constitution differ from the American? A: Under the Polish Constitution citizens are guaranteed freedom of speech, but under the United States constitution they are guaranteed freedom after speech.
Q: How do you catch a unique rabbit? A: Unique up on it! Q: How do you catch a tame rabbit? A: The tame way!
Q: How do you keep a moron in suspense?
Q: How do you play religious roulette? A: You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck by lightning first.
Q: How do you save a drowning lawyer? A: Throw him a rock.
Q: How do you shoot a blue elephant? A: With a blue-elephant gun. Q: How do you shoot a pink elephant? A: Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with a blue-elephant gun.
Q: How do you stop an elephant from charging? A: Take away his credit cards.
Q: How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb? A: That's proprietary information. Answer available from AT&T on payment of license fee (binary only).
Q: How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Two. One to assure everyone that everything possible is being done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.
Q: How many Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Five. One to screw in the light bulb and four to share the experience. (Actually, Californians don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in hot tubs.) Q: How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Three. One to screw in the light bulb and two to fend off all those Californians trying to share the experience.
Q: How many college football players does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
Q: How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat? A: Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires. Q: How long does it take? A: It's indeterminate. It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them. Q: What happens if you've got TWO flats? A: They replace your generator.
Q: How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug? A: Four. Two in the front, two in the back. Q: How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator? A: There's a footprint in the mayo. Q: How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator? A: There's two footprints in the mayo. Q: How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator? A: The door won't shut. Q: How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator? A: There's a VW Bug in your driveway.
Q: How many existentialists does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Two. One to screw it in and one to observe how the light bulb itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a maudlin cosmos of nothingness.
Q: How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: "I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he can tell me how to do the gruntwork for him so he can take the credit for answering this incredibly vital question."
Q: How many hardware engineers does it take to change a light bulb? A: None. We'll fix it in software. Q: How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb? A: None. The application can work around it. Q: How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb? A: None. We'll document it in the manual. Q: How many tech writers does it take to change a light bulb? A: None. The user can figure it out.
Q: How many hardware engineers does it take to replace a lightbulb? A: None! We'll fix it in software.
Q: How many Harvard MBA's does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Just one. He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.
Q: How many IBM 370's does it take to execute a job? A: Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Q: How many IBM CPU's does it take to do a logical right shift? A: 33. 1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.
Q: How many IBM CPU's does it take to execute a job? A: Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Q: How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb? A: Fifteen. One to do it, and fourteen to write document number GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility, of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:..... consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".
Q: How many journalists does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Three. One to report it as an inspired government program to bring light to the people, one to report it as a diabolical government plot to deprive the poor of darkness, and one to win a Pulitzer prize for reporting that Electric Company hired a light bulb-assassin to break the bulb in the first place.
Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb? A: One. Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb? A: Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer", and the party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entryway, terminating at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the second part and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the parties. The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following. The party of the first part shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part and rotate the party of the second part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered non-negotiable. Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the party of the first part shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part in a manner consistent with all relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes. Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part shall have the option of beginning installation. Aforesaid installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable. The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part, by any or all agents authorized by him, the objective being to produce the most possible revenue for the Partnership.
Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb? A: You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb. Now, if you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...
Q: How many marketing people does it take to change a light bulb? A: I'll have to get back to you on that.
Q: How many Martians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: One and a half.
Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Q: How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: One. He gives it to six Californians, thereby reducing the problem to the earlier joke.
Q: How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a light bulb? A: Seven. Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim that he's a doctor, not an electrician). Scotty, after checking around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains that he "canna" see in the dark. Kirk will make an emergency stop at the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something. Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured. As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand, Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must warp out of orbit. Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been given all light bulbs they can carry. The new bulb is then inserted and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.
Q: How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Three. One to screw in the light bulb and two to fend off all those Californians trying to share the experience.
Q: How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb? A: Only one, but it takes a long time, and the light bulb has to really want to change.
Q: How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb? A: None. The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two, one to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub with brightly colored machine tools. [Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur. Ed.]
Q: How many WASPs does it take to change a light bulb? A: One.
Q: How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None. The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out of the way.
Q: How much does it cost to ride the Unibus? A: 2 bits.
Q: How was Thomas J. Watson buried? A: 9 edge down.
Q: I cant spell worth a dam. I hope your going too tell me what to do? A: Don't worry about how your articles look. Remember it's the message that counts, not the way it's presented. Ignore the fact that sloppy spelling in a purely written forum sends out the same silent messages that soiled clothing would when addressing an audience.
Q: Know what the difference between your latest project and putting wings on an elephant is? A: Who knows? The elephant *might* fly, heh, heh...
Q: Minnesotans ask, "Why aren't there more pharmacists from Alabama?" A: Easy. It's because they can't figure out how to get the little bottles into the typewriter.
QOTD: "A child of 5 could understand this! Fetch me a child of 5."
QOTD: All I want is a little more than I'll ever get.
QOTD: All I want is more than my fair share.
QOTD: "A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem."
QOTD: "Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone."
QOTD: "Do you smell something burning or is it me?"
QOTD: "East is east... and let's keep it that way."
QOTD: "Even the Statue of Liberty shaves her pits."
QOTD: "Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there, I go to work."
QOTD: "Everything I am today I owe to people, whom it is now to late to punish."
QOTD: Flash! Flash! I love you! ...but we only have fourteen hours to save the earth!
QOTD: "He eats like a bird... five times his own weight each day."
QOTD: "He's on the same bus, but he's sure as hell got a different ticket."
QOTD: How can I miss you if you won't go away?
QOTD: "I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent."
QOTD: "I am not sure what this is, but an 'F' would only dignify it."
QOTD: "I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza... I might play golf with her, but I wouldn't marry her!"
QOTD: "I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital. On the other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out."
QOTD: "I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying."
QOTD: "If he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything."
QOTD: "If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the cologne, now would I?"
QOTD: "If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie."
QOTD: If it's too loud, you're too old.
QOTD: "If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it."
QOTD: If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection.
QOTD: "I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby."
QOTD: "I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."
QOTD: I looked out my window, and saw Kyle Pettys' car upside down, then I thought 'One of us is in real trouble'.
QOTD: I love your outfit, does it come in your size?
QOTD: "I may not be able to walk, but I drive from the sitting position."
QOTD: "I'm just a boy named 'su'..."
QOTD: I'm not a nerd -- I'm "socially challenged".
QOTD: I'm not bald -- I'm "hair challenged". [I thought that was "differently haired". Ed.]
QOTD: "I'm not really for apathy, but I'm not against it either..."
QOTD: "I'm on a seafood diet -- I see food and I eat it."
QOTD: "I never met a man I couldn't drink handsome."
QOTD: "In the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department."
QOTD: "I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"
QOTD: I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the ball in their court.
QOTD: "I sprinkled some baking powder over a couple of potatoes, but it didn't work."
QOTD: "I thought I saw a unicorn on the way over, but it was just a horse with one of the horns broken off."
QOTD: "I tried buying a goat instead of a lawn tractor; had to return it though. Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower."
QOTD: "It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out."
QOTD: "It's been Monday all week today."
QOTD: "It's been real and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun."
QOTD: "It seems to me that your antenna doesn't bring in too many stations anymore."
QOTD: "It's hard to tell whether he has an ace up his sleeve or if the ace is missing from his deck altogether."
QOTD: "It's not the despair... I can stand the despair. It's the hope."
QOTD: "It's sort of a threat, you see. I've never been very good at them myself, but I'm told they can be very effective."
QOTD: "It was so cold last winter that I saw a lawyer with his hands in his own pockets."
QOTD: "It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing."
QOTD: "I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality."
QOTD: "I used to be lost in the shuffle, now I just shuffle along with the lost."
QOTD: "I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance."
QOTD: "I used to go to UCLA, but then my Dad got a job."
QOTD: "I used to jog, but the ice kept bouncing out of my glass."
QOTD: "I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint. And then go on strike. To make less money."
QOTD: "I've got one last thing to say before I go; give me back all of my stuff."
QOTD: I've heard about civil Engineers, but I've never met one.
QOTD: "I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial."
QOTD: "I won't say he's untruthful, but his wife has to call the dog for dinner."
QOTD: "Just how much can I get away with and still go to heaven?"
QOTD: "Lack of planning on your part doesn't consitute an emergency on my part."
QOTD: "Like this rose, our love will wilt and die."
QOTD: Ludwig Boltzmann, who spend much of his life studying statistical mechanics died in 1906 by his own hand. Paul Ehrenfest, carrying on the work, died similarly in 1933. Now it is our turn.
QOTD: Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch.
QOTD: "My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"
QOTD: My mother was the travel agent for guilt trips.
QOTD: "My shampoo lasts longer than my relationships."
QOTD: "Of course it's the murder weapon. Who would frame someone with a fake?"
QOTD: "Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy."
QOTD: "Oh, no, no... I'm not beautiful. Just very, very pretty."
QOTD: On a scale of 1 to 10 I'd say... oh, somewhere in there.
QOTD: "Our parents were never our age."
QOTD: "Overweight is when you step on your dog's tail and it dies."
QOTD: Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
QOTD: "Say, you look pretty athletic. What say we put a pair of tennis shoes on you and run you into the wall?"
QOTD: "She's about as smart as bait."
QOTD: Silence is the only virtue he has left.
QOTD: Some people have one of those days. I've had one of those lives.
QOTD: "Sure, I turned down a drink once. Didn't understand the question."
QOTD: Talent does what it can, genius what it must. I do what I get paid to do.
QOTD: Talk about willing people... over half of them are willing to work and the others are more than willing to watch them.
QOTD: "The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its neck to get the dog to play with it."
QOTD: "The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."
QOTD: The forest may be quiet, but that doesn't mean the snakes have gone away.
QOTD: The only easy way to tell a hamster from a gerbil is that the gerbil has more dark meat.
QOTD: "There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm sure looking."
QOTD: "This is a one line proof... if we start sufficiently far to the left."
QOTD: "Unlucky? If I bought a pumpkin farm, they'd cancel Halloween."
QOTD: "What do you mean, you had the dog fixed? Just what made you think he was broken!"
QOTD: "What I like most about myself is that I'm so understanding when I mess things up."
QOTD: "What women and psychologists call `dropping your armor', we call "baring your neck."
QOTD: "When she hauled ass, it took three trips."
QOTD: "Who? Me? No, no, NO!! But I do sell rugs."
QOTD: "Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?"
QOTD: Y'know how s'm people treat th'r body like a TEMPLE? Well, I treat mine like 'n AMUSEMENT PARK... S'great...
QOTD: "You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth."
QOTD: "You want me to put *holes* in my ears and hang things from them? How... tribal."
Q: Somebody just posted that Roman Polanski directed Star Wars. What should I do? A: Post the correct answer at once! We can't have people go on believing that! Very good of you to spot this. You'll probably be the only one to make the correction, so post as soon as you can. No time to lose, so certainly don't wait a day, or check to see if somebody else has made the correction. And it's not good enough to send the message by mail. Since you're the only one who really knows that it was Francis Coppola, you have to inform the whole net right away!
Q: They just announced on the radio that Dan Quayle was picked as the Republican V.P. candidate. Should I post? A: Of course. The net can reach people in as few as 3 to 5 days. It's the perfect way to inform people about such news events long after the broadcast networks have covered them. As you are probably the only person to have heard the news on the radio, be sure to post as soon as you can.
Quack! Quack!! Quack!!
Quality control, n.: Assuring that the quality of a product does not get out of hand and add to the cost of its manufacture or design.
Quality Control, n.: The process of testing one out of every 1,000 units coming off a production line to make sure that at least one out of 100 works.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but its the only one we've got.
Quantum Mechanics is a lovely introduction to Hilbert Spaces!
Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."
Quark! Quark! Beware the quantum duck!
quark: The sound made by a well bred duck.
Questionable day. Ask somebody something.
Question authority.
QUESTION AUTHORITY. (Sez who?)
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or help speed the change by breaking them?
Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
Quick!! Act as if nothing has happened!
Quick, sing me the BUDAPEST NATIONAL ANTHEM!!
Quid me anxius sum? [ What? Me, worry? ]
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum videtur. [Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.]
Quiet Great perfection seems incomplete, But does not decay; Great abundance seems empty, But does not fail. Great truth seems contradictory; Great cleverness seems stupid; Great eloquence seems awkward. As spring overcomes the cold, And autumn overcomes the heat, So calm and quiet overcome the world.
Quigley's Law: Whoever has any authority over you, no matter how small, will atttempt to use it.
"Quite frankly, I don't like you humans. After what you all have done, I find being 'inhuman' a compliment."
quit When the quit statement is read, the bc processor is terminated, regardless of where the quit state- ment is found. For example, "if (0 == 1) quit" will cause bc to terminate.
Quit worrying about your health. It'll go away.
Quod erat demonstrandum. [Thus it is proven. For those who wondered WTF QED means.]
Quod licet Iovi non licet bovi. (What Jove may do, is not permitted to a cow.)
QWERT (kwirt) n. [MW < OW qwertyuiop, a thirteenth] 1. a unit of weight equal to 13 poiuyt avoirdupois (or 1.69 kiloliks), commonly used in structural engineering 2. [Colloq.] one thirteenth the load that a fully grown sligo can carry. 3. [Anat.] a painful irritation of the dermis in the region of the anus 4. [Slang] person who excites in others the symptoms of a qwert.
Q: What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill? A: "The elephants are coming over the hill." Q: What did he say when saw them coming over the hill wearing sunglasses? A: Nothing, for he didn't recognize them.
Q: What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night? A: Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
Q: What does a WASP Mom make for dinner? A: A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by a delicious dessert.
Q: What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota? A: Open other end.
Q: What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up? A: The very best person they can possibly be.
Q: What do monsters eat? A: Things. Q: What do monsters drink? A: Coke. (Because Things go better with Coke.)
Q: What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas? A: The impossible dream.
Q: What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common? A: The same middle name.
Q: What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian? A: Trustworthy.
Q: What do you call a blind pre-historic animal? A: Diyathinkhesaurus. Q: What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog? A: Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
Q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A: A stick.
Q: What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu? A: Six sick Sikhs (sic).
Q: What do you call a principal female opera singer whose high C is lower than those of other principal female opera singers? A: A deep C diva.
Q: What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a lawyer, and believes in social causes? A: A failure.
Q: What do you call the money you pay to the government when you ride into the country on the back of an elephant? A: A howdah duty.
Q: What do you call the scratches that you get when a female sheep bites you? A: Ewe nicks.
Q: What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard? A: You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
Q: What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney? A: An offer you can't understand.
Q: What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand? A: Not enough sand.
Q: What do you say to a New Yorker with a job? A: Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
Q: What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room? A: A dinner party.
Q: What is green and lives in the ocean? A: Moby Pickle.
Q: What is orange and goes "click, click?" A: A ball point carrot.
Q: What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota? A: Open other end.
Q: What is purple and commutes? A: An Abelian grape.
Q: What is purple and conquered the world? A: Alexander the Grape.
Q: "What is the burning question on the mind of every dyslexic existentialist?" A: "Is there a dog?"
Q: What is the difference between a duck? A: One leg is both the same.
Q: What is the difference between Texas and yogurt? A: Yogurt has culture.
Q: What is the sound of one cat napping? A: Mu.
Q: What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A: A nervous wreck.
Q: What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and plays like a monkey? A: Nothing.
Q: What's a light-year? A: One-third less calories than a regular year.
Q: What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness? A: Dating a Canadian.
Q: What's buried in Grant's tomb? A: A corpse.
Q: What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out? A: Chewing gum.
Q: What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer? A: A doberman.
Q: What's the big deal about rm, I have been deleting stuff for years? And never lost anything.. oops! A: ...
Q: What's the contour integral around Western Europe? A: Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe! Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they are removable! Q: An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God? A: Yes, up to isomorphism! Q: What is a compact city? A: It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted policemen!
Q: What's the difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman? A: The car salesman can probably drive!
Q: What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead lawyer in the road? A: There are skid marks in front of the dog.
Q: What's the difference between a duck and an elephant? A: You can't get down off an elephant.
Q: What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch? A: You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.
Q: What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake? A: One less drunk.
Q: What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America? A: The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
Q: What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's? A: In the 80's, a man walks into a drugstore and states loudly, "I'd like some condoms," and then, leaning over the counter, whispers, "and some cigarettes."
Q: What's the difference between USL and the Graf Zeppelin? A: The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.
Q: What's the difference between USL and the Titanic? A: The Titanic had a band.
Q: What's tiny and yellow and very, very, dangerous? A: A canary with the super-user password.
Q: What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice? A: Zorn's Lemon.
Q: Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage? A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump! Q: What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill? A: Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...
Q: Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain? A: Lawn Boy.
Q: Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon? A: To impress Jodie Foster.
Q: Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers? A: Because he was hungry.
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: He was giving it last rites.
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: To see his friend Gregory peck. Q: Why did the chicken cross the playground? A: To get to the other slide.
Q: Why did the germ cross the microscope? A: To get to the other slide.
Q: Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto? A: He found out what "kimosabe" really means.
Q: Why did the programmer call his mother long distance? A: Because that was her name.
Q: Why did the tachyon cross the road? A: Because it was on the other side.
Q: Why did the WASP cross the road? A: To get to the middle.
Q: Why do ducks have big flat feet? A: To stamp out forest fires. Q: Why do elephants have big flat feet? A: To stamp out flaming ducks.
Q: Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps? A: God gave New Jersey first choice.
Q: Why do firemen wear red suspenders? A: To conform with departmental regulations concerning uniform dress.
Q: Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together? A: To prevent the sensible ones from going home.
Q: Why don't lawyers go to the beach? A: The cats keep trying to bury them.
Q: Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it? A: Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar. If they drink it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while visiting, they always take three.
Q: Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads? A: Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise? Oh, right, *of course*!
Q: Why do the police always travel in threes? A: One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps an eye on the two intellectuals.
Q: Why do WASPs play golf ? A: So they can dress like pimps.
Q: Why haven't you graduated yet? A: Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted my dissertation to rhyme.
Q: Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? A: You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
Q: Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation function, the more expensive it becomes to compute? A: That's the Law of Spline Demand.
Q: Why is Poland just like the United States? A: In the United States you can't buy anything for zlotys and in Poland you can't either, while in the U.S. you can get whatever you want for dollars, just as you can in Poland.
Q. Why is this so clumsy? A. The trick is to use Perl's strengths rather than its weaknesses.
Q: Why shouldn't I simply delete the stuff I never use, it's just taking up space? A: This question is in the category of Famous Last Words..
Q: Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man soup in a plate? A: 'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.
Q: Why was Stonehenge abandoned? A: It wasn't IBM compatible.
Q: Would you like to see the WINE list? A: What's on it, anything expensive? Q: No, just Solitaire and MineSweeper for now, but the WINE is free.
Racism was not a problem on the Discworld, because -- what with trolls and dwarfs and so on -- speciesism was more interesting. Black and white lived in perfect harmony and ganged up on green.
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC READY >_
<|Rain|> #define struct union /* great space saver */
rain falls where clouds come sun shines where clouds go clouds just come and go
<|Rain|> I *love* SWB!! <|Rain|> Or, press 5 to speak to a representitive.. <|Rain|> *5* <|Rain|> You are being transferred, please hold... <|Rain|> ... <|Rain|> ... <|Rain|> We're sorry, this number can not be completed as dialed. <|Rain|> Please check the number and try again.
<|Rain|> Knghtbrd: let me give you access to the zone files <Knghtbrd> oh gods - you do realize I have never played with bind right? <|Rain|> uhoh :)
<|Rain|> *nod* I'm not fond of using smarthosts, myself <|Rain|> as it relies on both the remote host and your host being smart <|Rain|> and too often you miss one of both of those goals
* |Rain| prepares for polygon soup <|Rain|> sweet merciful crap, it works? * |Rain| faints
<|Rain|> with sane code, maybe I could figure out the renderer :) <LordHavoc> rain: I'd probably be the one writing the renderer <|Rain|> well, er, uh
<rain_work> note on a dorm fridge ... "To the person who ate the contents of the container labeled 'James' - warning, it was my biology experiment"
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.
Ralph's Observation: It is a mistake to let any mechanical object realise that you are in a hurry.
RAM wasn't built in a day.
Randal can write one-liners again. Everyone is happy, and peace spreads over the whole Earth.
Randal said it would be tough to do in sed. He didn't say he didn't understand sed. Randal understands sed quite well. Which is why he uses Perl. :-) -- Larry Wall in <7874@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
Random, n.: As in number, predictable. As in memory access, unpredictable.
Rap music is just computerised crap. I listen to Top of the Pops and after three songs I feel like killing someone.
<raptor> Adamel, i think the code you fixed of mine didn't work <raptor> i must not have committed the working code <Knghtbrd> raptor: like it's the first time THAT has ever happened =p
Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.
Rascal, am I? Take THAT!
Rattling around the back of my head is a disturbing image of something I saw at the airport ... Now I'm remembering, those giant piles of computer magazines right next to "People" and "Time" in the airport store. Does it bother anyone else that half the world is being told all of our hard-won secrets of computer technology? Remember how all the lawyers cried foul when "How to Avoid Probate" was published? Are they taking no-fault insurance lying down? No way! But at the current rate it won't be long before there are stacks of the "Transactions on Information Theory" at the A&P checkout counters. Who's going to be impressed with us electrical engineers then? Are we, as the saying goes, giving away the store?
Ray's Rule of Precision: Measure with a micrometer. Mark with chalk. Cut with an axe.
Razors pain you; Rivers are damp. Acids stain you, And drugs cause cramp. Guns aren't lawful; Nooses give. Gas smells awful-- You might as well live!
<rcw> dark: caldera? <Knghtbrd> rcw - that's not a distribution, it's a curse <rcw> Knghtbrd: it's a cursed distribution
<rcw> liiwi: printk("CPU0 on fire\n");
<rcw> those apparently-bacteria-like multicolor worms coming out of microsoft's backorifice <rcw> that's the backoffice logo
Reach into the thoughts of friends, And find they do not know your name. Squeeze the teddy bear too tight, And watch the feathers burst the seams. Touch the stained glass with your cheek, And feel its chill upon your blood. Hold a candle to the night, And see the darkness bend the flame. Tear the mask of peace from God, And hear the roar of souls in hell. Pluck a rose in name of love, And watch the petals curl and wilt. Lean upon the western wind, And know you are alone.
Reactor error - core dumped!
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
Reading computer manuals without the hardware is as frustrating as reading sex manuals without the software.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Read terms and conditions.
Read the fine print.
"Real children don't go hoppity-skip unless they are on drugs." (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is much too large to implement. Most computer scientists don't notice this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.
Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware. Hardware has limitations, software doesn't. It's a real shame that Turing machines are so poor at I/O.
Real computer scientists don't comment their code. The identifiers are so long they can't afford the disk space.
Real computer scientists don't program in assembler. They don't write in anything less portable than a number two pencil.
Real computer scientists don't write code. They occasionally tinker with `programming systems', but those are so high level that they hardly count (and rarely count accurately; precision is for applications).
Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how could they read their mail?
Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on future hardware. Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens will ever be able to fit on a single planet.
Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.
Reality does not exist -- yet.
Reality is bad enough, why should I tell the truth?
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity.
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away".
Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature cannot be fooled.
Reality -- what a concept!
Really?? What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!
Real Men don't make backups. They upload it via ftp and let the world mirror it.
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language. :-)
Real programmers disdain structured programming. Structured programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet- trained. They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise clear desks.
Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches. If the vending machine doesn't sell it, they don't eat it. Vending machines don't sell quiche.
Real programmers don't comment their code. It was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
Real programmers don't draw flowcharts. Flowcharts are, after all, the illiterate's form of documentation. Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much good it did them.
Real Programmers don't eat quiche. They eat Twinkies and Szechwan food.
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to change clothes. Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room.
Real programmers don't write in BASIC. Actually, no programmers write in BASIC after reaching puberty.
Real Programmers don't write in FORTRAN. FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies. FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who wear white socks.
Real Programmers don't write in PL/I. PL/I is for programmers who can't decide whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
<<< Real programmers use a nice editor and a nice programming language and get it done in less than O(N!). >>>
Real programs don't eat cache.
Real Programs don't use shared text. Otherwise, how can they use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?
Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness. This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.
Real software engineers don't like the idea of some inexplicable and greasy hardware several aisles away that may stop working at any moment. They have a great distrust of hardware people, and wish that systems could be virtual at *all* levels. They would like personal computers (you know no one's going to trip over something and kill your DFA in mid-transit), except that they need 8 megabytes to run their Correctness Verification Aid packages.
Real software engineers work from 9 to 5, because that is the way the job is described in the formal spec. Working late would feel like using an undocumented external procedure.
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
"Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time." (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
Real theology is always rather shocking to people who already think they know what they think. I'm still shocked myself. :-)
Real Time, adj.: Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there and then.
Real Users are afraid they'll break the machine -- but they're never afraid to break your face.
Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts down the system for days.
Real Users hate Real Programmers.
Real Users know your home telephone number.
Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your program doesn't deliver it.
Real Users never use the Help key.
Real wealth can only increase.
Real World, The, n.: 1. In programming, those institutions at which programming may be used in the same sentence as FORTRAN, COBOL, RPG, IBM, etc. 2. To programmers, the location of non-programmers and activities not related to programming. 3. A universe in which the standard dress is shirt and tie and in which a person's working hours are defined as 9 to 5. 4. The location of the status quo. 5. Anywhere outside a university. "Poor fellow, he's left MIT and gone into the real world." Used pejoratively by those not in residence there. In conversation, talking of someone who has entered the real world is not unlike talking about a deceased person.
Reapply as necessary.
Reappraisal, n.: An abrupt change of mind after being found out.
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
Rebellion Postponement: The tendency in one's youth to avoid traditionally youthful activities and artistic experiences in order to obtain serious career experience. Sometimes results in the mourning for lost youth at about age thirty, followed by silly haircuts and expensive joke-inducing wardrobes. Culture"
Rebellion When rulers take grain so that they may feast, Their people become hungry; When rulers take action to serve their own interests, Their people become rebellious; When rulers take lives so that their own lives are maintained, Their people no longer fear death. When people act without regard for their own lives They overcome those who value only their own lives.
<rebelpacket> hey, quick question, is there any way to speed up the performance of uquake-x11? <Deek> rebelpacket: If you want to accelerate it, throw it harder.
Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
Recent investments will yield a slight profit.
Recently deceased blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan "comes to" after his death. He sees Jimi Hendrix sitting next to him, tuning his guitar. "Holy cow," he thinks to himself, "this guy is my idol." Over at the microphone, about to sing, are Jim Morrison and Janis Joplin, and the bassist is the late Barry Oakley of the Allman Brothers. So Stevie Ray's thinking, "Oh, wow! I've died and gone to rock and roll heaven." Just then, Karen Carpenter walks in, sits down at the drums, and says: "'Close to You'. Hit it, boys!"
Recently, Richard Stallman gave a speech in which he illustrated an academic point about programming history by quoting a guy who described vi as 'an editor spread at sword-point and which is really hard to use'. I think I speak for all moderate vi(m) users when I say -- DEATH and DAMNATION (in that order) to this Cardinal of the CTRL key! Needless to say my own local vim user group has dispatched assassins to kill Mr. Stallman, but this is hardly the end of the story. The fact is that a man has referred to another man who in turn expressed some often-voiced reservations about OUR EDITOR! On behalf of all editors of text everywhere, I implore EMACS users to return to the true path, lest you be burned at the stake and then go to hell, the Buffer From Which There Is No Unloading. We'll see how productive you are then, with your ctrl-meta-alt and your ELISP and your 'ring buffer', whatever THAT is. Peace and love to all. ^C ^X quit q QUIT exit :exit zz ZZ kahei on [Slashdot](http://linux.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=196931&cid=16136657)
Recent research has tended to show that the Abominable No-Man is being replaced by the Prohibitive Procrastinator.
Reception area, n.: The purgatory where office visitors are condemned to spend innumerable hours reading dog-eared back issues of trade magazines like Modern Plastics, Chain Saw Age, and Chicken World, while the receptionist blithely reads her own trade magazine -- Cosmopolitan.
Recession is when your neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose your job. These economic downturns are very difficult to predict, but sophisticated econometric modeling houses like Data Resources and Chase Econometrics have successfully predicted 14 of the last 3 recessions.
Recipe for a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster: (1) Take the juice from one bottle of Ol' Janx Spirit (2) Pour into it one measure of water from the seas of Santraginus V (Oh, those Santraginean fish!) (3) Allow 3 cubes of Arcturan Mega-gin to melt into the mixture (properly iced or the benzine is lost.) (4) Allow four liters of Fallian marsh gas to bubble through it. (5) Over the back of a silver spoon, float a measure of Qualactin Hypermint extract. (6) Drop in the tooth of an Algolian Suntiger. Watch it dissolve. (7) Sprinkle Zamphuor. (8) Add an olive. (9) Drink... but... very carefully...
Reclaimer, spare that tree! Take not a single bit! It used to point to me, Now I'm protecting it. It was the reader's CONS That made it, paired by dot; Now, GC, for the nonce, Thou shalt reclaim it not.
Reconciliation When conflict is reconciled, some hard feelings remain; This is dangerous. The sage accepts less than is due And does not blame or punish; For harmony seeks agreement Where justice seeks payment. The ancients said: "nature is impartial; Therefore it serves those who serve all."
Record additional transactions on back of previous stub.
Recreational Slumming: The practice of participating in recreational activities of a class one perceives as lower than one's own: "Karen! Donald! Let's go bowling tonight! And don't worry about shoes ... apparently you can rent them." Culture"
Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.
Recursion n.: See Recursion.
Recurving: Leaving one job to take another that pays less but places one back on the learning curve. Culture"
Red Hat has recently released a Security Advisory (RHSA-1999:030-01) covering a buffer overflow in the vixie cron package. Debian has discovered this bug two years ago and fixed it. Therefore versions in both, the stable and the unstable, distributions of Debian are not vulnerable to this problem..
<Reed> It is important to note that the primary reason the Roman Empire fail is that they had no concept of zero... thus they could not test the success or failure of their C programs.
Referring to a book: I read part of it all the way through.
"Reflected-sound-of-underground-spirits?" (Terry Pratchett, The Colour of Magic)
Reformed, n.: A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.
Refreshed by a brief blackout, I got to my feet and went next door.
Reg: All right, but apart from the sanitation, medicine, education, wine, public order, irrigation, roads, the fresh water system, and public health, what have the Romans ever done for us? Attendee: Brought peace? Reg: Oh, peace - shut up!
Regarding astral projection, Woody Allen once wrote, "This is not a bad way to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage."
[regarding measures to prevent cheating in quake] I mean, as long as I can make my rocket launcher look like a big twinkie, I'll be happy ;)
"Regardless of the legal speed limit, your Buick must be operated at speeds faster than 85 MPH (140kph)."
Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts, administrative overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.
Re: Graphics: A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to describe the picture. Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately described with pictures.
Regression analysis: Mathematical techniques for trying to understand why things are getting worse.
Reichel's Law: A body on vacation tends to remain on vacation unless acted upon by an outside force.
Reinhart was never his mother's favorite -- and he was an only child.
reintarnation: Coming back to life as a hillbilly.
"Reintegration complete," ZORAC advised. "We're back in the universe again..." An unusually long pause followed, "...but I don't know which part. We seem to have changed our position in space." A spherical display in the middle of the floor illuminated to show the starfield surrounding the ship. "Several large, artificial constructions are approaching us," ZORAC announced after a short pause. "The designs are not familiar, but they are obviously the products of intelligence. Implications: we have been intercepted deliberately by a means unknown, for a purpose unknown, and transferred to a place unknown by a form of intelligence unknown. Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious."
Reisner's Rule of Conceptual Inertia: If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.
Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
RELATIVES!!
... relaxed in the manner of a man who has no need to put up a front of any kind.
Reliable source, n.: The guy you just met.
"Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines."
Remark of Dr. Baldwin's concerning upstarts: We don't care to eat toadstools that think they are truffles.
Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr. Rippingille. Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"
"Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used it."
Remember, A Dragon is For Life, Not Just for Hogswatchnight Please Leave Donations of Coal by Side Door. (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
Remember, an int is not always 16 bits. I'm not sure, but if the 80386 is one step closer to Intel's slugfest with the CPU curve that is asymptotically approaching a real machine, perhaps an int has been implemented as 32 bits by some Unix vendors...?
Remember Darwin; building a better mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.
Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two deserts.
Remember, drive defensively! And of course, the best defense is a good offense!
Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.
"Remember, extremism in the nondefense of moderation is not a virtue."
Remember folks. Street lights timed for 35 mph are also timed for 70 mph.
Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't have an established user base.
Remember, Grasshopper, falling down 1000 stairs begins by tripping over the first one.
"Remember, if it's being done correctly, here or abroad, it's not the U.S. Army doing it!"
Remember, in 2039, MOUSSE & PASTA will be available ONLY by prescription!!
"Remember, Information is not knowledge; Knowledge is not Wisdom; Wisdom is not truth; Truth is not beauty; Beauty is not love; Love is not music; Music is the best." -- Frank Zappa
Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life.
"Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure that you're the one holding it"
"Remember Kruschev: he tried to do too many things too fast, and he was removed in disgrace. If Gorbachev tries to destroy the system or make too many fundamental changes to it, I believe the system will get rid of him. I am not a political scientist, but I understand the system very well. I believe he will have a "heart attack" or retire or be removed. He is up against a brick wall. If you think they will change everything and become a free, open society, forget it!" "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 110
Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.
Remember: Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in Cleveland.
- "Remember -- that which does not kill us can only make us stronger." - "And that which *does* kill us leaves us *dead*!"
Remember thee Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat In this distracted globe. Remember thee! Yea, from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, That youth and observation copied there.
Remember thee Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat In this distracted globe. Remember thee! Yea, from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, That youth and observation copied there. Hamlet, I : v : 95 William Shakespeare
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
Remember the... the... uhh.....
Remember though that THERE IS NO GENERAL RULE FOR CONVERTING A LIST INTO A SCALAR.
Remember to say hello to your bank teller.
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
Remember: use logout to logout.
Remember: While root can do most everything, there are certain privileges that only a partner can grant.
REMIND ME AGAIN, he said, HOW THE LITTLE HORSE-SHAPED ONES MOVE. (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
Remove me from this land of slaves, Where all are fools, and all are knaves, Where every knave and fool is bought, Yet kindly sells himself for nought;
Removing the straw that broke the camel's back does not necessarily allow the camel to walk again.
Renning's Maxim: Man is the highest animal. Man does the classifying.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
Repel them. Repel them. Induce them to relinquish the spheroid.
Repel them. Repel them. Induce them to relinquish the spheroid. football team
Replace with same type.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Reporter: "How did you like school when you were growing up, Yogi?" Yogi Berra: "Closed."
Reporter, n.: A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a tempest of words.
Reporters like Bill Greider from the Washington Post and Him Naughton of the New York Times, for instance, had to file long, detailed, and relatively complex stories every day -- while my own deadline fell every two weeks -- but neither of them ever seemed in a hurry about getting their work done, and from time to time they would try to console me about the terrible pressure I always seemed to be laboring under. Any $100-an-hour psychiatrist could probably explain this problem to me, in thirteen or fourteen sessions, but I don't have time for that. No doubt it has something to do with a deep-seated personality defect, or maybe a kink in whatever blood vessel leads into the pineal gland... On the other hand, it might be something as simple & basically perverse as whatever instinct it is that causes a jackrabbit to wait until the last possible second to dart across the road in front of a speeding car.
Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi): Mr Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization? Gandhi: I think it would be a good idea.
Reporter: "What would you do if you found a million dollars?" Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."
Reputation, adj.: What others are not thinking about you.
Research is the best place to be: you work your buns off, and if it works you're a hero; if it doesn't, well -- nobody else has done it yet either, so you're still a valiant nerd.
Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and think what nobody else has thought.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
Research, n.: Consider Columbus: He didn't know where he was going. When he got there he didn't know where he was. When he got back he didn't know where he had been. And he did it all on someone else's money.
Reserve your abuse for your true friends.
Re:Silly Iranians… ALWAYS! First, they came for the newspapers, and I did nothing because the Farsi Side comic was just re-prints now. Next, they came for the books, and I looked the other way because the Death to America Book of the Month Club was only recommending books to burn anyway. Then, they came for the Satellite Dishes, and I said nothing because I still had a year left on my Infidelphia Cable contract. Finally, they came for my Internet Service, and no one was left to hear my ululation! patrixmyth on [Slashdot](http://yro.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=201413&cid=16490111)
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get another chance later on.
Resist or Serve
Respect is a rational process
Responsibility: Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility. This is a lot of bunk. Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something goes wrong. When you have power you are surrounded by people whose job it is to take the blame for your mistakes. If they're smart, that is.
Restaurant package, not for resale.
REST: P: Linus Torvalds S: Buried alive in email
Restraint Manage a great nation as you would cook a delicate fish. To govern men in accord with nature It is best to be restrained; Restraint makes agreement easy to attain, And easy agreement builds harmonious relationships; With sufficient harmony no resistance will arise; When no resistance arises, then you possess the heart of the nation, And when you possess the nation's heart, your influence will long endure: Deeply rooted and firmly established. This is the method of far sight and long life.
Results are not typical.
Results vary by individual.
Retire Fill a cup to its brim and it is easily spilled; Temper a sword to its hardest and it is easily broken; Amass the greatest treasure and it is easily stolen; Claim credit and honour and you easily fall; Retire once your purpose is achieved - this is natural.
Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you actually have a shot at it.
Returns for store credit only.
Reunite Gondwondaland!
Revenge is a form of nostalgia.
Revenge is a meal best served cold.
Review of the Oxford English Dictionary on Amazon.com: [One Star] "an epic work that has trouble holding the interest" By: a customer I'm at the ABs, and I still can't get a grip on the plot. Characters enter, are introduced in exhausting detail -- and then disappear again! Very frustrating. The only time an old character shows up again is in another's history! A lot like _A Dance to the Music of Time_, I suppose. Perhaps things will become clearer when we meet Oxford, English or Dictionary
Review Questions (1) If Nerd on the planet Nutley starts out in his spaceship at 20 KPH, and his speed doubles every 3.2 seconds, how long will it be before he exceeds the speed of light? How long will it be before the Galactic Patrol picks up the pieces of his spaceship? (2) If Roger Rowdy wrecks his car every week, and each week he breaks twice as many bones as before, how long will it be before he breaks every bone in his body? How long will it be before they cut off his insurance? Where does he get a new car every week? (3) If Johnson drinks one beer the first hour (slow start), four beers the next hour, nine beers the next, etc., and stacks the cans in a pyramid, how soon will Johnson's pyramid be larger than King Tut's? When will it fall on him? Will he notice?
revision 1.17.2.7 date: 2001/05/31 21:32:44; author: branden; state: Exp; lines: +1 -1 ARRRRGH!! GOT THE G** D*** SENSE OF A F******* TEST BACKWARDS!
Rev. Jim: What does an amber light mean? Bobby: Slow down. Rev. Jim: What... does... an... amber... light... mean? Bobby: Slow down. Rev. Jim: What.... does.... an.... amber.... light....
revolutionary, adj.: Repackaged.
Revolution, n.: A form of government abroad.
Revolution, n.: In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
Revolution When people have nothing more to lose, Then revolution will result. Do not take away their lands, And do not destroy their livelihoods; If your burden is not heavy then they will not shirk it. The sage maintains himself but exacts no tribute, Values himself but requires no honours; He ignores abstraction and accepts substance.
RFC 882 put the dot in .com, not Sun Microsystems
RHAPSODY in Glue!
Rhode's Law: When any principle, law, tenet, probability, happening, circumstance, or result can in no way be directly, indirectly, empirically, or circuitously proven, derived, implied, inferred, induced, deducted, estimated, or scientifically guessed, it will always for the purpose of convenience, expediency, political advantage, material gain, or personal comfort, or any combination of the above, or none of the above, be unilaterally and unequivocally assumed, proclaimed, and adhered to as absolute truth to be undeniably, universally, immutably, and infinitely so, until such time as it becomes advantageous to assume otherwise, maybe.
"Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt somebody else. He even told you he'd be hurt if..." "He was going to suck my blood!" "Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt if they don't live our way." ... "The thing that puzzles you," he said, "is an accepted saying that happens to be impossible. The phrase is hurt somebody else. We choose, ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what. Us who decides. Nobody else. My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him? That's his decision to be hurt, that's his choice. What you do about it is your decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake through his heart. If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist, in whatever way he wants. It goes on and on, choices, choices." "When you look at it that way..." "Listen," he said, "it's important. We are all. Free. To do. Whatever. We want. To do."
Riches: A gift from Heaven signifying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I am well pleased."
Riches cover a multitude of woes.
Rick: "How can you close me up? On what grounds?" Renault: "I'm shocked! Shocked! To find that gambling is going on here." Croupier (handing money to Renault): "Your winnings, sir." Renault:"Oh. Thank you very much."
Ridcully was to management what King Herod was to the Bethlehem Playgroup Association. His mental approach to it could be visualised as a sort of business flowchart with, at the top, a circle entitled "Me, who does the telling" and, connected below it by a line, a large circle entitled "Everyone else".
Riffle West Virginia is so small that the Boy Scout had to double as the town drunk.
"Right now I feel that I've got my feet on the ground as far as my head is concerned."
"Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time."
"Rights" is a fictional abstraction. No one has "Rights", neither machines nor flesh-and-blood. Persons... have opportunities, not rights, which they use or do not use.
"Right, you bastards, you're... you're geography"
*** Rince is wagner@schizo.DAINet.de (We have Joey, we have Fun, we have Linux on a Sun)
Rincewind could scream for mercy in nineteen languages, and just scream in another forty-four.
Rincewind formed a mental picture of some strange entity living in a castle made of teeth. It was the kind of mental picture you tried to forget. Unsuccessfully.
Rincewind had always been happy to think of himself as a racist. The One Hundred Meters, the Mile, the Marathon -- he'd run them all.
Rincewind had been told that death was just like going into another room. The difference is, when you shout, "Where's my clean socks?", no-one answers.
Rincewind had generally been considered by his tutors to be a natural wizard in the same way that fish are natural mountaineers. He probably would have been thrown out of Unseen University anyway--he couldn't remember spells and smoking made him feel ill.
Rincewind is one of those people who gets in the way of his own happiness. If it was raining kisses he'd be the only person with an umbrella.
Rincewind looked down at him and grinned slowly. It was a wide, manic, and utterly humourless rictus. It was the sort of grin that is normally accompanied by small riverside birds wandering in and out, picking scraps out of the teeth.
<rindolf> sleeper: why are people obsessed with one-liners? <rindolf> It takes 3 lines - OMG what a disaster! <Botje> rindolf: newline prices went up again <rindolf> Botje: I buy my newlines in the black market <dabreegster> Botje: again? drat. * Botje reports rindolf to the newline police <dabreegster> Botje: I know about an... (underground) operation going on to pirate newlines. <rindolf> Botje: I bribed a few cops in the newline police, but nice try. <dabreegster> Botje: Some crazy guys are trying to free newlines from patents! They want to rid the market! * cursor gets called up to serve in the newline jury <rindolf> I think we need to start a campaign to lift all restrictions off newlines. <dabreegster> rindolf: La Resistance lives on!\n <Botje> I already stockpiled millions of newlines <dabreegster> Botje: We can have the one-liners destroyed by sundown <dabreegster> Not destroyed, but... TURNED INTO TWO-LINERS! Mwuhahaha!
Ring around the collar.
RIP is irrelevant. Spoofing is futile. Your routes will be aggregated.
Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly, uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the rational functions needed to represent the integrand. Although the algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot claim that the algorithm is a natural one. In fact, the creator of differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's, largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work. Probably he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as well.
<<< R is similar to other programming languages, like C, Java and Perl, in that it helps people perform a wide variety of computing tasks by giving them access to various commands. >>> New York Times article about R, quoted in jest's use.perl.org journal - http://use.perl.org/~jest/journal/38229
Ritchie's Rule: (1) Everything has some value -- if you use the right currency. (2) Paint splashes last longer than the paint job. (3) Search and ye shall find -- but make sure it was lost.
Ritual Well established hierarchies are not easily uprooted; Closely held beliefs are not easily released; So ritual enthralls generation after generation. Harmony does not care for harmony, and so is naturally attained; But ritual is intent upon harmony, and so can not attain it. Harmony neither acts nor reasons; Love acts, but without reason; Justice acts to serve reason; But ritual acts to enforce reason. When the Way is lost, there remains harmony; When harmony is lost, there remains love; When love is lost, there remains justice; And when justice is lost, there remains ritual. Ritual is the end of compassion and honesty, The beginning of confusion; Belief is a colourful hope or fear, The beginning of folly. The sage goes by harmony, not by hope; He dwells in the fruit, not the flower; He accepts substance, and ignores abstraction.
<rm_-rf_> The real value of KDE is that they inspired and push the development of GNOME :-)
<robert> i understand there are some reasonable limits to free speech in america, for example I cannot scream Fire into a crowded theatre .. But can i scream fire into a theatre with only 5 or 6 poeple in it ?
<RoboHak> hmm, lunch does sound like a good idea <Knghtbrd> would taste like a good idea too
Robot, n.: University administrator.
Robustness, adj.: Never having to say you're sorry.
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention: Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will reject the proposal.
Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun, With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done. The deal was made in Denmark, on a dark and stormy day, So he set out for Biafra, to join the bloody fray. Through sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war, With their fingers on their triggers, knee deep in gore. Days and nights they battled, the Bantu to their knees, They killed to earn their living, and to help out the Congolese. Roland the Thompson gunner... His comrades fought beside him, Van Owen and the rest, But of all the Thompson gunners, Roland was the best. So the C.I.A decided, they wanted Roland dead, That son-of-a-bitch Van Owen, blew off Roland's head. Roland the headless Thompson gunner... Roland searched the continent, for the man who'd done him in. He found him in Mombasa, in a bar room drinking gin, Roland aimed his Thompson gun, he didn't say a word, But he blew Van Owen's body from there to Johannesburg. The eternal Thompson gunner, still wandering through the night, Now it's ten years later, but he stills keeps up the fight. In Ireland, in Lebanon, in Palestine, in Berkeley, Patty Hearst... heard the burst... of Roland's Thompson gun, and bought it.
Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to become necessary.
"Roman Polanski makes his own blood. He's smart -- that's why his movies work."
ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much. MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.
Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
Romeo was restless, he was ready to kill, He jumped out the window 'cause he couldn't sit still, Juliet was waiting with a safety net, Said "don't bury me 'cause I ain't dead yet".
Rome was not built in one day.
Rome wasn't burnt in a day.
Romulan women are not like Vulcan females. We are not dedicated to pure logic and the sterility of non-emotion. stardate 5027.3
Roses are red; Violets are blue. I'm schizophrenic, And so am I.
Rotten wood cannot be carved.
Round Numbers are always false.
Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream...
R. P. Tyler was not, however, satisfied simply with being vouchsafed the difference between right and wrong. He felt it his bounden duty to tell the world.
Rubber bands have snappy endings!
Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?" Yogi Berra: "You mean now?"
Rudd's Discovery: You know that any senator or congressman could go home and make $300,000 to $400,000, but they don't. Why? Because they can stay in Washington and make it there.
Rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength.
Rudin's Law: If there is a wrong way to do something, most people will do it every time. Rudin's Second Law: In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative courses of action, people tend to choose the worst possible course.
rugged, adj.: Too heavy to lift.
Rule #1: The Boss is always right. Rule #2: If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.
Rule #7: Silence is not acquiescence. Contrary to what you may have heard, silence of those present is not necessarily consent, even the reluctant variety. They simply may sit in stunned silence and figure ways of sabotaging the plan after they regain their composure.
Rule of Creative Research: (1) Never draw what you can copy. (2) Never copy what you can trace. (3) Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.
Rule of Defactualization: Information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies.
Rule of Feline Frustration: When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the bathroom.
Rule of Life #1 -- Never get separated from your luggage.
Rule of the Great: When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.
Rulers The best rulers are scarcely known by their subjects; The next best are loved and praised; The next are feared; The next despised: They have no faith in their people, And their people become unfaithful to them. When the best rulers achieve their purpose Their subjects claim the achievement as their own.
Rules for Academic Deans: (1) HIDE!!!! (2) If they find you, LIE!!!!
Rules for driving in New York: (1) Anything done while honking your horn is legal. (2) You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on. (3) A red light means the next six cars may go through the intersection.
Rules for Good Grammar #4. (1) Don't use no double negatives. (2) Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents. (3) Join clauses good, like a conjunction should. (4) About them sentence fragments. (5) When dangling, watch your participles. (6) Verbs has got to agree with their subjects. (7) Just between you and i, case is important. (8) Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read. (9) Don't use commas, which aren't necessary. (10) Try to not ever split infinitives. (11) It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly. (12) Proofread your writing to see if you any words out. (13) Correct speling is essential. (14) A preposition is something you never end a sentence with. (15) While a transcendent vocabulary is laudable, one must be eternally careful so that the calculated objective of communication does not become ensconced in obscurity. In other words, eschew obfuscation.
Rules for Writers: Avoid run-on sentences they are hard to read. Don't use no double negatives. Use the semicolon properly, always use it where it is appropriate; and never where it isn't. Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and omit it when its not needed. No sentence fragments. Avoid commas, that are unnecessary. Eschew dialect, irregardless. And don't start a sentence with a conjunction. Hyphenate between sy-llables and avoid un-necessary hyphens. Write all adverbial forms correct. Don't use contractions in formal writing. Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided. It is incumbent on us to avoid archaisms. Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have snuck in the language. Never, ever use repetitive redundancies. If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times, resist hyperbole. Also, avoid awkward or affected alliteration. Don't string too many prepositional phrases together unless you are walking through the valley of the shadow of death. "Avoid overuse of 'quotation "marks."'"
RULES OF EATING -- THE BRONX DIETER'S CREED (1) Never eat on an empty stomach. (2) Never leave the table hungry. (3) When traveling, never leave a country hungry. (4) Enjoy your food. (5) Enjoy your companion's food. (6) Really taste your food. It may take several portions to accomplish this, especially if subtly seasoned. (7) Really feel your food. Texture is important. Compare, for example, the texture of a turnip to that of a brownie. Which feels better against your cheeks? (8) Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal. (9) Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate. You can always eat it later. (10) Avoid any wine with a childproof cap. (11) Avoid blue food.
Rule the Empire through force.
Rumour is information distilled so finely that it can filter through anything. It does not need doors and windows -- sometimes it does not need people. It can exist free and wild, running from ear to ear without ever touching lips.
Rune's Rule: If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost.
Running Windows on a Pentium is like having a brand new Porsche but only be able to drive backwards with the handbrake on.
Rusty Russell's signature: Anyone who quotes me in their sig is an idiot.
Ruth made a great mistake when he gave up pitching. Working once a week, he might have lasted a long time and become a great star. from being a pitcher to an outfielder. Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"
<|ryan|> I don't use deb <netgod> u poor man <Disconnect> netgod: heh <Kingsqueak> apt-get install task-p0rn
Ryan's Law: Make three correct guesses consecutively and you will establish yourself as an expert.
Sacher's Observation: Some people grow with responsibility -- others merely swell.
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
[ ] Safeguard this message - it is an important historical document. [ ] Delete after reading -- Subversive Literature. [ ] Ignore and go back to what you were doing.
Safety Net-ism: The belief that there will always be a financial and emotional safety net to buffer life's hurts. Usually parents. Culture"
Safety Third.
Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: "I got started one night when George came home and found one burning in the ashtray."
Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
Sailors in ships, sail on! Even while we died, others rode out the storm.
Saint: A dead sinner revised and edited.
Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proven innocent.
Sales tax applies.
Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed in small amounts over a long period of time.
< sam> /.ing an issue is like asking an infinite number of monkeys for advice
Sam Vimes could parallel process. Most husbands can. They learn to follow their own line of thought while at the same time listening to what their wives say. And the listening is important, because at any time they could be challenged and must be ready to quote the last sentence in full. A vital additional skill is being able to scan the dialogue for telltale phrases such as "and they can deliver it tomorrow" or "so I've invited them for dinner?" or "they can do it in blue, really quite cheaply."
Sam: What do you know there, Norm? Norm: How to sit. How to drink. Want to quiz me? Sam: Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm? Norm: Beats me. ... Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead. Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
Sam: What do you say, Norm? Norm: Any cheap, tawdry thing that'll get me a beer. Sam: What do you say to a beer, Normie? Norm: Hiya, sailor. New in town? Norm: [coming in from the rain] Evening, everybody. All: Norm! (Norman.) Sam: Still pouring, Norm? Norm: That's funny, I was about to ask you the same thing.
Sam: What's going on, Normie? Norm: My birthday, Sammy. Give me a beer, stick a candle in it, and I'll blow out my liver. Woody: Hey, Mr. P. How goes the search for Mr. Clavin? Norm: Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut. Found him every couple of blocks.
Sam: What's new, Norm? Norm: Most of my wife. Coach: Beer, Norm? Norm: Naah, I'd probably just drink it. Coach: What's doing, Norm? Norm: Well, science is seeking a cure for thirst. I happen to be the guinea pig.
Sam: What's the good word, Norm? Norm: Plop, plop, fizz, fizz. Sam: Oh no, not the Hungry Heifer... Norm: Yeah, yeah, yeah... Sam: One heartburn cocktail coming up. Sam: Whaddya say, Norm? Norm: Well, I never met a beer I didn't drink. And down it goes. Woody: What's your pleasure, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Boxer shorts and loose shoes. But I'll settle for a beer.
<Sanaya> you guys are all sick! sick sick sick I tell ya ;)
San Francisco has always been my favorite booing city. I don't mean the people boo louder or longer, but there is a very special intimacy. When they boo you, you know they mean *you*. Music, that's what it is to me. One time in Kezar Stadium they gave me a standing boo.
San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
<sangr> home is where the highest bandwidth is
<sangr> no more perl ... it's depressing ... <sangr> i think perl and i need some time from each other <sangr> we made beautiful music together about a year ago ... <sangr> but times have change, we changed ..
Sanitized for your protection.
Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.
Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
Sank heaven for leetle curls.
SANTA CLAUS comes down a FIRE ESCAPE wearing bright blue LEG WARMERS ... He scrubs the POPE with a mild soap or detergent for 15 minutes, starring JANE FONDA!!
Santa Claus is watching!
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
sarchasm: The gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it.
Satellite Safety Tip #14: If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck.
SATELLITES: They are in SPACE and stay there by going so fast that they are never in one place enough to fall down. TELEVISIONS are bounced off them. They are part of SCIENCE. by Angalo de Haberdasheri (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Satire is tragedy plus time.
Satire is what closes in New Haven.
Satire is what closes Saturday night.
Sattinger's Law: It works better if you plug it in.
Saturday night in Toledo Ohio, Is like being nowhere at all, All through the day how the hours rush by, You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
...Saure really turns out to be an adept at the difficult art of papryomancy, the ability to prophesy through contemplating the way people roll reefers - the shape, the licking pattern, the wrinkles and folds or absence thereof in the paper. "You will soon be in love," sez Saure, "see, this line here." "It's long, isn't it? Does that mean --" "Length is usually intensity. Not time."
Sauron is alive in Argentina!
Savage's Law of Expediency: You want it bad, you'll get it bad.
Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be surprised at how little you have.
Save energy: be apathetic.
Save energy: Drive a smaller shell.
Save gas, don't eat beans.
Save gas, don't use the shell.
Save the bales!
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
Save the Whales -- Harpoon a Honda.
Save yourself from the 'Gates' of hell, use Linux." -- like that one.
Save yourself! Reboot in 5 seconds!
Say it with flowers, Or say it with mink, But whatever you do, Don't say it with ink!
Say many of cameras focused t'us, Our middle-aged shots do us justice. No justice, please, curse ye! We really want mercy: You see, 'tis the justice, disgusts us.
Say my love is easy had, Say I'm bitten raw with pride, Say I am too often sad -- Still behold me at your side. Say I'm neither brave nor young, Say I woo and coddle care, Say the devil touched my tongue -- Still you have my heart to wear. But say my verses do not scan, And I get me another man!
Say no, then negotiate.
Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.
Say "twenty-three-skiddoo" to logout.
Say! You've struck a heap of trouble-- Bust in business, lost your wife; No one cares a cent about you, You don't care a cent for life; Hard luck has of hope bereft you, Health is failing, wish you'd die-- Why, you've still the sunshine left you And the big blue sky.
"Say yur prayers, yuh flea-pickin' varmint!"
- "'S called the Vieux River." - "Yes?" - "Know what that means?" - "No." - "The Old (Masculine) River," said Nanny. - "Yes?" - "Words have sex in foreign parts," said Nanny hopefully.
SCCS, the source motel! Programs check in and never check out!
scenario, n.: An imagined sequence of events that provides the context in which a business decision is made. Scenarios always come in sets of three: best case, worst case, and just in case.
Scenery is here, wish you were beautiful.
Schapiro's Explanation: The grass is always greener on the other side -- but that's because they use more manure.
s = (char*)(long)retval; /* ouch */
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Schlattwhapper, n.: The window shade that allows itself to be pulled down, hesitates for a second, then snaps up in your face.
Schmidt's Observation: All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin person.
Schshschshchsch.
Science and religion are in full accord but science and faith are in complete discord.
SCIENCE: A way of finding things out and then making them work. Science explains what is happening around us the whole time. So does RELIGION, but science is better because it comes up with more understandable excuses when it is wrong. There is a lot more Science than you think. by Angalo de Haberdasheri (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
Science Fiction, Double Feature. Frank has built and lost his creature. Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet. The servants gone to a distant planet. Wo, oh, oh, oh. At the late night, double feature, Picture show. I want to go, oh, oh, oh. To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones. But a collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house.
Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
"Science makes godlike -- it is all over with priests and gods when man becomes scientific. Moral: science is the forbidden as such -- it alone is forbidden. Science is the *first* sin, the *original* sin. *This alone is morality.* ``Thou shalt not know'' -- the rest follows."
Science may someday discover what faith has always known.
Science! true daughter of Old Time thou art! Who alterest all things with thy peering eyes. Why preyest thou thus upon the poet's heart, Vulture, whose wings are dull realities? How should he love thee? or how deem thee wise? Who wouldst not leave him in his wandering To seek for treasure in the jewelled skies, Albeit he soared with an undaunted wing? Hast thou not dragged Diana from her car? And driven the Hamadryad from the wood To seek a shelter in some happier star? Hast thou not torn the Naiad from her flood, The Elfin from the green grass, and from me The summer dream beneath the tamarind tree?
Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
Scientists were preparing an experiment to ask the ultimate question. They had worked for months gathering one each of every computer that was built. Finally the big day was at hand. All the computers were linked together. They asked the question, "Is there a God?". Lights started blinking, flashing and blinking some more. Suddenly, there was a loud crash, and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky, struck the computers, and welded all the connections permanently together. "There is now", came the reply.
Scientists will study your brain to learn more about your distant cousin, Man.
Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific, Fain how I pause at your nature specific, Loftily poised in the ether capacious, Highly resembling a gem carbonaceous. Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific, Fain how I pause at your nature specific.
Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.
Scott's First Law: No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right. Scott's Second Law: When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found to have been wrong in the first place. Corollary: After the correction has been found in error, it will be impossible to fit the original quantity back into the equation.
Scotty: Captain, we din' can reference it! Kirk: Analysis, Mr. Spock? Spock: Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table. Kirk: Then it's of external origin? Spock: Affirmative. Kirk: Mr. Sulu, go to pass two. Sulu: Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.
Scratch the disks, dump the core, Shut it down, pull the plug Roll the tapes across the floor, Give the core an extra tug And the system is going to crash. And the system is going to crash. Teletypes smashed to bits. Mem'ry cards, one and all, Give the scopes some nasty hits Toss out halfway down the hall And the system is going to crash. And the system is going to crash. And we've also found Just flip one switch When you turn the power down, And the lights will cease to twitch You turn the disk readers into trash. And the tape drives will crumble in a flash. Oh, it's so much fun, When the CPU Now the CPU won't run Can print nothing out but "foo," And the system is going to crash. The system is going to crash.
Screw up your courage! You've screwed up everything else.
scribline, n.: The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's signature goes.
Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the Presidency.
<sct> Anyone want the new supermount? :) <klogd> whats new about it <sct> klogd: It cleans whiter than white. :)
"Scum," said Crash, his voice low with resigned menace, "you've bought a leopard, haven't you?"
'Scuse me, while I kiss the sky!
Sears has everything.
Seattle is so wet that people protect their property with watch-ducks.
Second Law of Business Meetings: If there are two possible ways to spell a person's name, you will pick the wrong one. Corollary: If there is only one way to spell a name, you will spell it wrong, anyway.
Second Law of Final Exams: In your toughest final -- for the first time all year -- the most distractingly attractive student in the class will sit next to you.
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
Secretary's Revenge: Filing almost everything under "the".
"Section 2.4.3.5 AWNS (Acceptor Wait for New Cycle State). In AWNS the AH function indicates that it has received a multiline message byte. In AWNS the RFD message must be sent false and the DAC message must be sent passive true. The AH function must exit the AWNS and enter: (1) The ANRS if DAV is false (2) The AIDS if the ATN message is false and neither: (a) The LADS is active (b) Nor LACS is active" Programmable Instrumentation
Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!
"Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature... Life is either a daring adventure or nothing."
Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes? [Who guards the Guardians?]
Seduced, shaggy Samson snored. She scissored short. Sorely shorn, Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed, Silently scheming, Sightlessly seeking Some savage, spectacular suicide.
"Seed me, Seymour"
Seeing is believing. You wouldn't have seen it if you hadn't believed it.
Seeing is deceiving. It's eating that's believing.
Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
Seek for the Sword that was broken: In Imladris it dwells; There shall be counsels taken Stronger than Morgul-spells. There shall be shown a token That Doom is near at hand, For Isildur's Bane shall waken, And the Halfling forth shall stand.
Seek simplicity -- and distrust it.
See label for sequence.
Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out. They screamed down the mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged rocks. They all got out of the car: The computer engineer said, "I think I can fix it." The systems analyst said, "No, no, I think we should take it into town and have a specialist look at it." The programmer said, "OK, but first I think we should get back in and see if it does it again."
"Seems I can't get me 'ead down these days without rescuin' people or foilin' robbers or sunnink." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
Seems like these four rabbis had a series of theological arguments, and three were always in accord against the fourth. One day, the odd rabbi out, with the usual "3 to 1, majority rules" statement that signified that he had lost again, decided to appeal to a higher authority. "Oh, God!" he cried. "I know in my heart that I am right and they are wrong! Please show me a sign, so they too will know that I understand Your laws." It was a beautiful, sunny day. As soon as the rabbi finished his plaint, a storm cloud moved across the sky above the four. It rumbled once and dissolved. "A sign from God! See, I'm right, I knew it!" But the other three disagreed, pointing out that stormclouds form on hot days. So he asked again: "Oh, God, I need a bigger sign to show that I am right and they are wrong. So please, God, a bigger sign." This time four stormclouds appeared, rushed toward each other to form one big cloud, and a bolt of lightning knocked down a tree ten feet away from the rabbis. The cloud dispersed at once. "I told you I was right!" insisted the loner, but the others insisted that nothing had happened that could not be explained by natural causes. The insisting rabbi is all ready to ask for a *very big* sign when just as he says "Oh God..." the sky turns pitch black, the earth shakes, and a deep, booming voice intones, "HEEEEEEEE'S RIIIIIIIGHT!" The sky returns to normal. The one rabbi puts his hands on his hips and snarls, "Well?" "Okay, okayyyy," replied another, "so now it's 3 to 2!"
Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll. Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?" In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?" In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?" In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?" In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"
Seen on a button at an SF Convention: Veteran of the Bermuda Triangle Expeditionary Force. 1990-1951.
See other side for additional listings.
See store for details.
* seeS uses knghtbrd's comments as his signature <knghtbrd> seeS: as soon as I typed them I realized I'd better snip them myself before someone else did ;>
See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause the second one should have seen it.
"See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist. I mean, kind of ... in a way ..."
Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine: Ice Cream cures all ills. Temporarily.
Self Both praise and blame cause concern, For they bring people hope and fear. The object of hope and fear is the self - For, without self, to whom may fortune and disaster occur? Therefore, Who distinguishes himself from the world may be given the world, But who regards himself as the world may accept the world.
Self Test for Paranoia: You know you have it when you can't think of anything that's your own fault.
Sell a country! Why not sell the air, the great sea, as well as the earth? Did not the Great Spirit make them all for the use of his children? Tecumseh, (Shawnee)
Sell by date stamped on bottom.
<sel> need help: my first packet to my provider gets lost :-( <netgod> sel: don't send the first one, start with #2
<sel> need help: my first packet to my provider gets lost :-( <netgod> sel: don't send the first one, start with #2 * netgod is kidding
SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT Title: Are Frogs Turing Compatible? Speaker: Don "The Lion" Knuth ABSTRACT Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular. The problem of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas of computer science. It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi- bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete. We will show that there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program to a frog. We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable functions. This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar. This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues. Refreshments will be served. Music will be played.
semper en excretus
Semper Fi, dude.
SEMPER UBI SUB UBI!!!! [ Always wear underwear ]
Senate, n.: A body of elderly gentlemen charged with high duties and misdemeanors.
Send a self-addressed, stamped envelope.
"Send lawyers, guns and money..."
Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
Send some filthy mail.
Send your questions to ``ASK ZIPPY'', Box 40474, San Francisco, CA 94140, USA
senility, n.: The state of mind of elderly persons with whom one happens to disagree.
Sentenced to two years hard labor (for sodomy), Oscar Wilde stood handcuffed in driving rain waiting for transport to prison. "If this is the way Queen Victoria treats her prisoners," he remarked, "she doesn't deserve to have any."
Sentient plasmoids are a gas.
Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
serendipity, n.: The process by which human knowledge is advanced.
Serenity through viciousness.
Serfs up!
Sergeant Comely was working on the general assumption that where you got lots of people gathered together, something illegal was bound to happen sooner or later.
Seriously, the way I did this was by using a special /sbin/loader binary with debugging hooks that I made ("dd" is your friend: binary editors are for wimps).
Serocki's Stricture: Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.
"Serve 'em right for not inviting me to their weddings." (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence.
Serving suggestion.
Sesquipedallianism: Making excessive use of long words. http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=sesquipedallian
Set the cart before the horse.
"Seven years and six months!" Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully. "An uncomfortable sort of age. Now if you'd asked MY advice, I'd have said 'Leave off at seven' -- but it's too late now." "I never ask advice about growing," Alice said indignantly. "Too proud?" the other enquired. Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion. "I mean," she said, "that one can't help growing older." "ONE can't, perhaps," said Humpty Dumpty; "but TWO can. With proper assistance, you might have left off at seven."
Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime. The first student to try to do this was a math student. "Hmmm... Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all the odd integers are prime." The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, "I'm not sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by experiment." He continues, "Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is... uh, 9 is an experimental error, 11 is prime, 13 is prime... Well, it seems that you're right." The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded, "Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either. Let's see... 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is... well, if you approximate, 9 is prime, 11 is prime, 13 is prime... Well, it does seem right." Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says "Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long! I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it." He goes over to his terminal and runs his program. Reading the output on the screen he says, "1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime..."
Several years ago, an international chess tournament was being held in a swank hotel in New York. Most of the major stars of the chess world were there, and after a grueling day of chess, the players and their entourages retired to the lobby of the hotel for a little refreshment. In the lobby, some players got into a heated argument about who was the brightest, the fastest, and the best chess player in the world. The argument got quite loud, as various players claimed that honor. At that point, a security guard in the lobby turned to another guard and commented, "If there's anything I just can't stand, it's chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."
Several years ago, some smart businessmen had an idea: Why not build a big store where a do-it-yourselfer could get everything he needed at reasonable prices? Then they decided, nah, the hell with that, let's build a home center. And before long home centers were springing up like crabgrass all over the United States.
Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules
Sex dumps core (Sex is a Simple editor for X11)
Sex is like air. It's only a big deal if you can't get any.
<shader> whats wrong with rjing? <Rhamphoryncus> it's lame :P <Rhamphoryncus> it should NOT be possible <Rhamphoryncus> shoving a grenade up your ass and using it as rocket propelant shouldn't be a viable technique :P
Shading within a garment may occur.
Shadwell hated all southerners and, by inference, was standing at the North Pole.
Shah, shah! Ayatollah you so!
Shake well before using.
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?
Shame is an improper emotion invented by pietists to oppress the human race.
Sham Harga had run a succesful eatery for many years by always smiling, never extending credit, and realizing that most of his customers wanted meals properly balanced between the four food groups: sugar, starch, grease and burnt crunchy bits.
<Shammah> any time I see people talk about "Big O" as if it's some magic voodoo I cringe hard <Shammah> > I have worked +7 years as a programmer and still don't know what Big O is <Shammah> > Big O is very important and is one of the most important things you should learn! <Shammah> bro, you can learn it in 10 minutes <Shammah> it's not a big deal <Shammah> > In particular, "Big O" (and its related data structures and algorithms concepts) is a key concept to making programs go fast. <Shammah> shit like that <Shammah> rustles my jimmies so hard <Shammah> my poor jimmies <k-hos> non stop jimmies vibration <_bryan> the cloud is more annoying <_bryan> aka the internet renamed <Shammah> A series of tubes 3.0 <_bryan> my old company launched a cloud marketing campaign on the cloud <_bryan> not a single customer of mine knew or cared <Shammah> In particular, "Big O" (and its related data structures and algorithms concepts) is a key concept to making programs go fast. <Shammah> the fuck did i just read <altered> written by this guy http://i.imgur.com/Tsm63TJ.png <Shammah> D: <k-hos> sanic the hodgepodge! <Jonas__> Shammah, you don't use big o magic? <Jonas__> I use the big-o lib for everything <Shammah> uh <Shammah> I just use std::bigO(); <Jonas__> that's not even fast <Shammah> :| <Jonas__> boost::bigO<T>() is like the least you should even consider <Jonas__> it's boosted so it's faster <Shammah> sounds legit
Shannon's Observation: Nothing is so frustrating as a bad situation that is beginning to improve.
Shapes The Way has no true shape, And therefore none can control it. If a ruler could control the Way All things would follow In harmony with his desire, And sweet rain would fall, Effortlessly slaking every thirst. The Way is shaped by use, But then the shape is lost. Do not hold fast to shapes But let sensation flow into the world As a river courses down to the sea.
share, n.: To give in, endure humiliation.
Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent. Teen Should Know"
Shaw's Principle: Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it.
She asked me, "What's your sign?" I blinked and answered "Neon," I thought I'd blow her mind...
She blinded me with science!
She can kill all your files; She can freeze with a frown. And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down. And she works on her code until ten after three. She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
She cried, and the judge wiped her tears with my checkbook.
She'd become a governess. It was one of the few jobs a known lady could do. And she'd taken to it well. She'd sworn that if she did indeed ever find herself dancing on rooftops with chimney sweeps she'd beat herself to death with her own umbrella.
Shedenhelm's Law: All trails have more uphill sections than they have downhill sections.
She'd even given herself a middle initial - X - which stood for "someone who has a cool and exciting middle name".
She'd stopped reading the kind of women's magazine that talked about romance and knitting and started reading the kind of women's magazine that talked about orgasms, but apart from making a mental note to have one if ever the occasion presented itself she dismissed them as only romance and knitting in a new form.
She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring -- they applaud.
She is not refined. She is not unrefined. She keeps a parrot.
"Shelter," what a nice name for for a place where you polish your cat.
She moved like someone who had grown used to her body and, in general, looked like what Vimes had heard described as "a woman of a certain age." He'd never been quite certain what age that was.
She often gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it).
She ran the gamut of emotions from 'A' to 'B'.
Sheriff Chameleotoptor sighed with an air of weary sadness, and then turned to Doppelgutt and said 'The Senator must really have been on a bender this time -- he left a party in Cleveland, Ohio, at 11:30 last night, and they found his car this morning in the smokestack of a British aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.' bad fiction contest.
"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart." "Oh, yeah? What's he look like?" "Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and paper boots." "What's he wanted for?" "Rustling."
Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him. Such an excess of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
"She said, `I know you ... you cannot sing'. I said, `That's nothing, you should hear me play piano.'"
She sells cshs by the cshore.
She's genuinely bogus.
She sighed again. She was familiar with the syndrome. They *said* they wanted a soulmate and helpmeet but sooner or later the list would include a skin like silk and a chest fit for a herd of cows.
She stood on the tracks Waving her arms Leading me to that third rail shock Quick as a wink She changed her mind She gave me a night That's all it was What will it take until I stop Kidding myself Wasting my time There's nothing else I can do 'Cause I'm doing it all for Leyna I don't want anyone new 'Cause I'm living it all for Leyna There's nothing in it for you 'Cause I'm giving it all to Leyna
She used to diet on any kind of food she could lay her hands on.
She wanted a HOLIDAY in Australia, she said, and if I turned it into work she'd hit me -- so I gave in, because I did not want to be beaten about the Bush.
She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way a midget is good at being short.
She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n! The batteries are dead!
Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet! I'm hunting wabbits...
SHHHH!! I hear SIX TATTOOED TRUCK-DRIVERS tossing ENGINE BLOCKS into empty OIL DRUMS ...
Shick's Law: There is no problem a good miracle can't solve.
Shift to the left, Shift to the right, Mask in, mask out, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!
SHIFT TO THE LEFT! SHIFT TO THE RIGHT! POP UP, PUSH DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!
<Shinobi> There are worse things than Perl....ASP comes to mind
Ship it.
Shipping not included.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today. Two freaks in a van [Oh no!! It's the Copyright Police!!] Her aura-charred body was laid to rest after a eulogy by Jackie Collins, fellow member of SAFE [Society of Asinine Flake Entertainers]. Excerpted from some of his more quotable comments: "Truly a woman of the times. These times, those times..." "A Renaissance woman. Why in 1432..." "A man for all seasons. Really..." After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful it was to "get it together" again, presumably referring to having her now dead body join her long dead brain.
Shlomi Fish: And to think that home desktops can simulate these systems [= PDP-10's and PDP-11's] much faster than those ancient mainframes. William Lee Irwin III: Shlomi, and to think the net usefulness of the home desktops is less than what users got out of those mainframes. #offtopic on the oftc.net IRC network.
Shoot me again. Just proving that the quickest way to solve the problem is to post a whine to the newsgroups: within moments the solution presents itself to me, and meanwhile my ass is hanging out on the Net... *sigh*...
SHOP OR DIE, people of Earth! [offer void where prohibited]
Shopping at this grody little computer store at the Galleria for a totally awwwesome Apple. Fer suuure. I mean Apples are nice you know? But, you know, there is this cute guy who works there and HE says that VAX's are cooler! I mean I don't really know, you know? He says that he has this totally tubular VAX at home and it's stuffed with memory-to-the-max! Right, yeah. And he wants to take me home to show it to me. Oh My God! I'm suuure. Gag me with a Prime!
* shortc wants to get in one of knghtbrd's sigs one of these days.
Short people get rained on last.
Sho' they got to have it against the law. Shoot, ever'body git high, they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens. Hee-hee.
Should I do my BOBBIE VINTON medley?
Should I get locked in the PRINCICAL'S OFFICE today -- or have a VASECTOMY??
Should I start with the time I SWITCHED personalities with a BEATNIK hair stylist or my failure to refer five TEENAGERS to a good OCULIST?
> Should Perl do the same? [= Drop SCO Support] Absolutely not. Perl supports defunct operating systems, buggy operating systems, commercial operating systems, and poorly marketed operating systems. It would be inappropriate to drop SCO just because it happens to be all of the above.
"Show business is just like high school, except you get paid."
Show business is just like high school, except you get paid.
Showing up is 80% of life.
"Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser."
Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot. Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
Show night or time may vary in your market.
Show respect for age. Drink good Scotch for a change.
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
Shut off engine before fueling.
"Shut up and tell me what that other idiot ish doing!" "No, but look, if I've got to shut up, how can I --" The knife at his throat became a hot streak of pain and Rincewind decided to give logic a miss. (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
Sick Building Migration: The tendency of younger workers to leave or avoid jobs in unhealthy office environments or workplaces affected by the Sick Building Syndrome. Culture"
Sic transit discus mundi
Sic transit gloria Monday!
Sic transit gloria mundi. [So passes away the glory of this world.]
Sic Transit Gloria Thursdi.
Sigh. I like to think it's just the Linux people who want to be on the "leading edge" so bad they walk right off the precipice.
Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.
Sigmund Freud is alleged to have said that in the last analysis the entire field of psychology may reduce to biological electrochemistry.
Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
signal(i, SIG_DFL); /* crunch, crunch, crunch */
Sign here without admitting guilt.
Sign my PETITION.
## Signoff: insurgent (razzin' frazzin' motherfu... stupid directx...)
Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help.
Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait. [If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves.
Silence is the only virtue you have left.
"Silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone."
sillema sillema nika su [ We don't know what it means either. See: https://github.com/shlomif/fortune-mod/issues/95 . ]
Silverman's Law: If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
<SilverStr> media ethics is an oxymoron, much like Jumbo Shrimp and Microsoft Works. <MonkAway> not to mention NT Security
<Silvrbear> Oxymorons? I saw one yesterday - the pamphlet on "Taco Bell Nutritional Information"
Simon's Law: Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.
Simony's eyes gleamed with the gleam of a man who had seen the future and found it covered with armour plating.
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.
Simplify If we could discard knowledge and wisdom Then people would profit a hundredfold; If we could discard duty and justice Then harmonious relationships would form; If we could discard artifice and profit Then waste and theft would disappear. Yet such remedies treat only symptoms And so they are inadequate. People need personal remedies: Reveal your naked self and embrace your original nature; Bind your self-interest and control your ambition; Forget your habits and simplify your affairs.
Simulated picture.
Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
* Simunye is on a oc3->oc12 <daem0n> simmy: bite me. :) <Simunye> daemon: okay :)
* Simunye is so happy she has her mothers gene's <Dellaran> you better give them back before she misses them!
Sin boldly.
Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!
Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised when others believe him.
Since before the Earth was formed and before the sun burned hot in space, cosmic forces of inexorable power have been working relentlessly toward this moment in space-time -- your receiving this fortune.
Since everything in life is but an experience perfect in being what it is, having nothing to do with good or bad, acceptance or rejection, one may well burst out in laughter.
Since I hurt my pendulum My life is all erratic. My parrot who was cordial Is now transmitting static. The carpet died, a palm collapsed, The cat keeps doing poo. The only thing that keeps me sane Is talking to my shoe.
"Since it's a foregone conclusion that Microsoft will be littering its XML with pointers to Win32-based components, the best that can be said about its adoption of XML is that it will make it easier for browsers and applications on non-Windows platforms to understand which parts of the document it must ignore."
Since this database is not used for profit, and since entire works are not published, it falls under fair use, as we understand it. However, if any half-assed idiot decides to make a profit off of this, they will need to double check it all...
Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive.
Since we're all here, we must not be all there.
Since when has the purpose of debian been to appease the interests of the mass of unskilled consumers? -- Steve Shorter
Sing hey! for the bath at close of day That washes the weary mud away! A loon is he that will not sing: O! Water Hot is a noble thing! O! Sweet is the sound of falling rain, and the brook that leaps from hill to plain; but better than rain or rippling streams is Water Hot that smokes and steams. O! Water cold we may pour at need down a thirsty throat and be glad indeed; but better is Beer, if drink we lack, and Water Hot poured down the back. O! Water is fair that leaps on high in a fountain white beneath the sky; but never did fountain sound so sweet as splashing Hot Water with my feet!
Single tasking: Just Say No.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other "sins" are invented nonsense. (Hurting yourself is not sinful -- just stupid).
Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.
Sin The Way is the fate of men, The treasure of the saint, And the refuge of the sinner. Fine words are often borrowed, And great deeds are often appropriated; Therefore, when a man falls, do not abandon him, And when a man gains power, do not honour him; Only remain impartial and show him the Way. Why should someone appreciate the Way? The ancients said, "By it, those who seek may easily find, And those who regret may easily absolve" So it is the most precious gift.
<SirDibos> Culus: are you awake? <Culus> no
<SirDibos> does Johnie Ingram hang out here on IRC?
Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
[Sir Stafford Cripps] has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
Sister Mary headed through the night-time hospital with the Adversary, Destroyer of Kings, Angel of the Bottomless Pit, Great Beast that is called Dragon, Prince of This World, Father of Lies, Spawn of Satan and Lord of Darkness safely in her arms. She found a bassinet and laid him down in it. He gurgled. She gave him a tickle. (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.
Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor): That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from the answer you got, gives you the answer you should have gotten.
skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil h;asvgy8p 23r1vyui135 2 kmxsij90TYDFS$$b jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[, [hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf'] sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y Now look what you've gone and done! You've broken it!
<Skyhook> Where is 'bavaria' proper? I thought it was austria.
Slab: Jus' say "AarrghaarrghpleeassennononoUGH" (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
<Slackware> uh oh, what have I started :) <Debian> rofl... distro nick wars. * Slackware just waits for /nick Gnome, /nick KDE, and then world war 4 to break out <WinNT> :oP <OpenBSD> <duck> <PalmOS> :) <Slackware> no'one would dare /nick RedHat <tru64> mew.
"slackware users don't matter. in my experience, slackware users are either clueless newbies who will have trouble even with tar, or they are rabid do-it-yourselfers who wouldn't install someone else's pre-compiled binary even if they were paid to do it."
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work.
Slashdot Comment on Reasons to or not to use MySQL: A nice flame war. I'm just going to sit back, crack a beer and enjoy it. It is almost memorial day weekend, you know. Hopefully it get hot enough in here to roast a hot dog. Oh goody! I'll help get things going: * * MySQL users will have to wait until you are done with the fire before they can roast their hot dogs, since MySQL is not a real database and does not support concurrent roasting; * * I've read the PostgreSQL manual eight times and still can't figure out something as bloody simple as roasting a hot dog, though I did figure out I have to call VACUUM before I can apply ketchup; * * Serious enterprises who care about their hot dogs use Oracle, since you can roast over 10,000 dogs at once and optionally impart the taste of filet mignon; * * If you try to roast a footlong hotdog using MySQL it will silently truncate it to regular size, causing your child to cry; * * Oracle will sue you if you complain about the difficulty of starting your fire or the blackened taste of the dogs; * * With SQLite your hot dogs are pre-roasted; * * Last year on Memorial Day, mysqld leapt out of my MacBook Pro and pushed my cousin into the fire, resulting in third degree burns. And also it causes cancer. And terrorism. Blindness. Violent puppy death. BOO! MYSQL IS SCARY DON'T USE MYSQL!! http://developers.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=236249&cid=19275875
<slashdot> my US geograpy is lousy...lol <knghtbrd> so's mine and I live here
Slashdot Response to "BBC Creates 'Perl on Rails'": This is proof that there is a conspiracy to make up absurd programming shenanigans to sell overpriced door stoppers! Coming soon… * "Perl on Rails for Dummies" * "Perl on Rails for Idiots" * "Perl on Rails Bible" * "Perl on Rails in 24 Hours" * "Perl on Rails in a Nutshell" * "Perl on Rails: The Missing Manual" …at a bookstore near you to burn a hole in your wallet!
"Slave is an Ephebian word. In Om we have no word for slave," said Vorbis. "So I understand," said the Tyrant. "I imagine that fish have no word for water."
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent songs. I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as those without might see and hear. They told a tale which was then altogether beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep, breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest anguish. Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God for deliverance from chains.
<SlayR> i just bought MS Office 2000 for only $20!!! <Knghtbrd> you got ripped off ;> <SlayR> i know ;)
Sleep is for the weak and sickly.
Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
Slick's Three Laws of the Universe: (1) Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check. (2) A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat. (3) There are two types of dirt: the dark kind, which is attracted to light objects, and the light kind, which is attracted to dark objects.
Slippery when wet.
Slous' Contention: If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.
Slow day. Practice crawling.
Slowly and surely the unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...
Slurm, n.: The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when it sits in the dish too long.
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
Small is beautiful.
Small things make base men proud.
Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.
Smear the road with a runner!!
Smile! You're on Candid Camera.
Smoke was coming out of the stricken piano. The Librarian's hands were walking through the keys like Casanunda in a nunnery.
Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
SMOKING IS NOW ALLOWED !!! Anyone wishing to smoke, however, must file, in triplicate, the U.S. government Environmental Impact Narrative Statement (EINS), describing in detail the type of combustion proposed, impact on the environment, and anticipated opposition. Statements must be filed 30 days in advance.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
Smoking is the leading cause of statistics.
Smoking Prohibited. Absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.
Snacktrek, n.: The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly returning to the refrigerator in hopes that something new will have materialized.
snafu = Situation Normal All F%$*ed up
Snakes. Why did it have to be snakes?
snappy repartee: What you'd say if you had another chance.
SNH, SNH, SNH.
Snoopy: No problem is so big that it can't be run away from.
Snow and adolescence are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough.
Snow Day -- stay home.
Snow White has become a camera buff. She spends hours and hours shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics. Then she mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service. It takes weeks for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right with Snow White. She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps the floor, all the while singing "Someday my prints will come."
Snow-white! Snow-white! O Lady clear! O Queen beyond the Western Sea! O Light to us that wander here Amid the world of woven trees! Gilthoniel! O Elbereth! Clear are thy eyes and bright thy breath! Snow-white! Snow-white! We sing to thee In a far land beyond the Sea. O stars that in the Sunless Year With shining hand by her were sown, In windy fields now bright and clear We see you silver blossom blown! O Elbereth! Gilthoniel! We still remember, we who dwell In this far land beneath the trees, Thy starlight on the Western Seas.
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
So as your consumer electronics adviser, I am advising you to donate your current VCR to a grate resident, who will laugh sardonically and hurl it into a dumpster. Then I want you to go out and purchase a vast array of 8-millimeter video equipment. ... OK! Got everything? Well, *too bad, sucker*, because while you were gone the electronics industry came up with an even newer format that makes your 8-millimeter VCR look as technologically advanced as toenail dirt. This format is called "3.5 hectare" and it will not be made available until it is outmoded, sometime early next week, by a format called "Elroy", so *order yours now*.
"So-called Christian rock. . . . is a diabolical force undermining Christianity from within." pornography addict, "Two points of view: 'Christian' rock and roll.", The Evangelist, 17(8): 49-50.
Sodd's Second Law: Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is bound to occur.
So, did I immediately launch into a furious whirl of coding up a brand-new POP3 client to compete with the existing ones? Not on your life! I looked carefully at the POP utilities I had in hand, asking myself ``Which one is closest to what I want?'' Because: 2. Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse). While I don't claim to be a great programmer, I try to imitate one. An important trait of the great ones is constructive laziness. They know that you get an A not for effort but for results, and that it's almost always easier to start from a good partial solution than from nothing at all. Linus Torvalds, for example, didn't actually try to write Linux from scratch. Instead, he started by reusing code and ideas from Minix, a tiny Unix-like operating system for PC clones. Eventually all the Minix code went away or was completely rewritten—but while it was there, it provided scaffolding for the infant that would eventually become Linux.
So... did you ever wonder, do garbagemen take showers before they go to work?
- "Sodomy non sapiens," said Albert under his breath. - "What does that mean?" - "Means I'm buggered if I know." (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
So do the noble fall. For they are ever caught in a trap of their own making. A trap -- walled by duty, and locked by reality. Against the greater force they must fall -- for, against that force they fight because of duty, because of obligations. And when the noble fall, the base remain. The base -- whose only purpose is the corruption of what the noble did protect. Whose only purpose is to destroy. The noble: who, even when fallen, retain a vestige of strength. For theirs is a strength born of things other than mere force. Theirs is a strength supreme... theirs is the strength -- to restore.
So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
So far we've managed to avoid turning Perl into APL. :-)
So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course of action. Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a friendly basis -- great Durbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could use; mighty Durbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely- for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
Soft Bones Who is filled with harmony is like a newborn. Wasps and snakes will not bite him; Hawks and tigers will not claw him. His bones are soft yet his grasp is sure, For his flesh is supple; His mind is innocent yet his body is virile, For his vigour is plentiful; His song is long-lasting yet his voice is sweet, For his grace is perfect. But knowing harmony creates abstraction, And following abstraction creates ritual. Exceeding nature creates calamity, And controlling nature creates violence.
Software entities are more complex for their size than perhaps any other human construct because no two parts are alike. If they are, we make the two similar parts into a subroutine -- open or closed. In this respect, software systems differ profoundly from computers, buildings, or automobiles, where repeated elements abound.
Software is like sex; it's better when it's free.
Software is like sex, it's better when it's free. -- Linus Torvalds
Software is much harder to change en masse than hardware. C++ and Java, say, are presumably growing faster than plain C, but I bet C will still be around. For infrastructure technology, C will be hard to displace. UNIX
Software, n.: Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.
Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run like a staff function.
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more "user-friendly". ... Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover. [Pot. Kettle. Black.]
So I'd like to start off with my own irrationalities. I don't think syntax should dangle in the wind. I'm with Aristotle. I think things should have a beginning, a middle, and an end. Which means I like K&R bracketing. I do not like the way that Python hangs stuff out there, with no end. I think that ordinary people dislike abstraction. That's because I dislike abstraction and I think I'm ordinary. (laughter) I might be wrong about that, but I don't know. I simultaneously believe that languages are wonderful and awful. You have to hold both of those. Ugly things can be beautiful. And beautiful can get ugly very fast. You know, take Lisp. You know, it's the most beautiful language in the world. At least up until Haskell came along. (laughter) But, you know, every program in Lisp is just ugly. I don't figure how that works. I think visual metaphors are very important. How it looks. Different things should look different. Similar things should look similar. A language designer simultaneously has to care what other people think, and has to not care what other people think. Otherwise you go crazy. Well, crazier. (laughter) And finally, I think God has free will. And therefore he created programmers with free will and that they ought to be given choices.
So, if we convert SUPPLY-SIDE SOYABEAN FUTURES into HIGH-YIELD T-BILL INDICATORS, the PRE-INFLATIONARY risks will DWINDLE to a rate of 2 SHOPPING SPREES per EGGPLANT!!
So I'm ugly. So what? I never saw anyone hit with his face.
So in the future, one 'client' at a time or you'll be spending CPU time with lots of little 'child processes'.
So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as large as it needs to be?
Soitainly. I was assuming that came with the OO-ness of it.
Soldiers who wish to be a hero Are practically zero, But those who wish to be civilians, They run into the millions.
Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
So little time, so little to do.
So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
... so long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those who wish to tyranize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent, and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious and otherwise, to put shackles upon sleeping men.
Solutions are obvious if one only has the optical power to observe them over the horizon.
So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
Some 1500 miles west of the Big Apple we find the Minneapple, a haven of tranquility in troubled times. It's a good town, a civilized town. A town where they still know how to get your shirts back by Thursday. Let the Big Apple have the feats of "Broadway Joe" Namath. We have known the stolid but steady Killebrew. Listening to Cole Porter over a dry martini may well suit those unlucky enough never to have heard the Whoopee John Polka Band and never to have shared a pitcher of 3.2 Grain Belt Beer. The loss is theirs. And the Big Apple has yet to bake the bagel that can match peanut butter on lefse. Here is a town where the major urban problem is dutch elm disease and the number one crime is overtime parking. We boast more theater per capita than the Big Apple. We go to see, not to be seen. We go even when we must shovel ten inches of snow from the driveway to get there. Indeed the winters are fierce. But then comes the marvel of the Minneapple summer. People flock to the city's lakes to frolic and rejoice at the sight of so much happy humanity free from the bonds of the traditional down-filled parka. Here's to the Minneapple. And to its people. Our flair for style is balanced by a healthy respect for wind chill factors. And we always, always eat our vegetables. This is the Minneapple.
Some assembly required.
Some bachelors want a meaningful overnight relationship.
Some bird populations soaring down -Headline of an article in Science News, page 126, February 20, 1993.
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.
Somebody set up us the bomb.
Somebody's terminal is dropping bits. I found a pile of them over in the corner.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested. [As anyone who has ever owned a puppy already knows. Ed.]
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them. Others are so fast, they don't notice you.
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.
Someday somebody has got to decide whether the typewriter is the machine, or the person who operates it.
Some days you wake and immediately start worrying. Nothing in particular is wrong, it's just the suspicion that forces are aligning quietly and there will be trouble.
Someday, Weederman, we'll look back on all this and laugh... It will probably be one of those deep, eerie ones that slowly builds to a blood-curdling maniacal scream... but still it will be a laugh.
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
Someday you'll get your big chance -- or have you already had it?
Someday your prints will come.
Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.
Some equipment shown is optional.
Some European users bugged me into adding an option to limit the number of messages retrieved per session (so they can control costs from their expensive phone networks). I resisted this for a long time, and I'm still not entirely happy about it. But if you're writing for the world, you have to listen to your customers—this doesn't change just because they're not paying you in money.
Somehow I reached excess without ever noticing when I was passing through satisfaction.
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
Somehow, trying to get Granny Weatherwax and 'panty raid' into the same sentence is beyond me.
Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry
<SomeLamer> what's the difference between chattr and chmod? <SomeGuru> SomeLamer: man chattr > 1; man chmod > 2; diff -u 1 2 | less
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think about sex at all... they become lawyers.
Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
Some men rob you with a six-gun -- others with a fountain pen.
Some men who fear that they are playing second fiddle aren't in the band at all.
Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is. The answer is: I don't know. Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?
Some of the most interesting documents from Sweden's middle ages are the old county laws (well, we never had counties but it's the nearest equivalent I can find for "landskap"). These laws were written down sometime in the 13th century, but date back even down into Viking times. The oldest one is the Vastgota law which clearly has pagan influences, thinly covered with some Christian stuff. In this law, we find a page about "lekare", which is the Old Norse word for a performing artist, actor/jester/musician etc. Here is an approximate translation, where I have written "artist" as equivalent of "lekare". "If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it. If an artist is wounded, one such who goes with hurdie-gurdie or travels with fiddle or drum, then the people shall take a wild heifer and bring it out on the hillside. Then they shall shave off all hair from the heifer's tail, and grease the tail. Then the artist shall be given newly greased shoes. Then he shall take hold of the heifer's tail, and a man shall strike it with a sharp whip. If he can hold her, he shall have the animal. If he cannot hold her, he shall endure what he received, shame and wounds."
Some of them want to use you, Some of them want to be used by you, ...Everybody's looking for something.
Some of the things that live the longest in peoples' memories never really happened.
Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product appear for identification purposes only.
Some of you ... may have decided that, this year, you're going to celebrate it the old-fashioned way, with your family sitting around stringing cranberries and exchanging humble, handmade gifts, like on "The Waltons". Well, you can forget it. If everybody pulled that kind of subversive stunt, the economy would collapse overnight. The government would have to intervene: it would form a cabinet-level Department of Holiday Gift-Giving, which would spend billions and billions of tax dollars to buy Barbie dolls and electronic games, which it would drop on the populace from Air Force jets, killing and maiming thousands. So, for the good of the nation, you should go along with the Holiday Program. This means you should get a large sum of money and go to a mall.
Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York City. One is "Hey, taxi." Two is, "What train do I take to get to Bloomingdale's?" And three is, "Don't worry. It's just a flesh wound."
> Someone here said "Real Men use LaTeX". So I'll add: > * "Real men don't install Wine" > * "Real men don't watch T.V." Real men don't listen to sentences that start with "Real men don't".
Someone in DAYTON, Ohio is selling USED CARPETS to a SERBO-CROATIAN
Someone is speaking well of you.
Someone is speaking well of you. How unusual!
Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.
Someone on IRC was very sad about the uptime of his machine wrapping from 497 days to 0.
"Someone's been mean to you! Tell me who it is, so I can punch him tastefully."
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Someone will try to honk your nose today.
Some optional equipment shown.
Some parts of the past must be preserved, and some of the future prevented at all costs.
"Some people are heroes. And some people jot down notes."
Some people around here wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
Some people carve careers, others chisel them.
Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Some people claim that the UNIX learning curve is steep, but at least you only have to climb it once.
Some people have a great ambition: to build something that will last, at least until they've finished building it.
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."
Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.
Some people have parts that are so private they themselves have no knowledge of them.
Some people have told me they don't think a fat penguin really embodies the grace of Linux, which just tells me they have never seen a angry penguin charging at them in excess of 100mph. They'd be a lot more careful about what they say if they had.
Some people live life in the fast lane. You're in oncoming traffic.
Some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the book or even what book.
Some people need a good imaginary cure for their painful imaginary ailment.
Some people only open up to tell you that they're closed.
Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.
Some people say a front-engine car handles best. Some people say a rear-engine car handles best. I say a rented car handles best.
Some people's mouths work faster than their brains. They say things they haven't even thought of yet.
Some people were allocating memory before it was cool. These people are called heapsters.
<<< Some people, when confronted with a problem, think "I know, I'll use regular expressions." Now they have two problems. --Jamie Zawinski, in comp.lang.emacs >>> — OMouse in http://programming.reddit.com/info/1awnv/comments/c1axk7 <<< Some people, when confronted with regular expressions, always think "I know, I'll paste that Jamie Zawinski quote, and people will think I'm clever!" These people have a problem. >>> — dmd in http://programming.reddit.com/info/1awnv/comments/c1axqc
Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even worse.
Some points to remember [about animals]: (1) Don't go to sleep under big animals, e.g., elephants, rhinoceri, hippopotamuses; (2) Don't put animals with sharp teeth or poisonous fangs down the front of your clothes; (3) Don't pat certain animals, e.g., crocodiles and scorpions or dogs you have just kicked.
Some primal termite knocked on wood. And tasted it, and found it good. And that is why your Cousin May Fell through the parlor floor today.
Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress.
Some restrictions may apply.
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
Some say the world will end in fire, Some say in ice. From what I've tasted of desire I hold with those who favor fire. But if it had to perish twice, I think I know enough of hate To say that for destruction, ice Is also great And would suffice.
Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
Some settling may occur.
Some stirring may be necessary to achieve proper consistency.
Something better... 13 (sympathetic): Oh, What happened? Did your parents lose a bet with God? 14 (complimentary): You must love the little birdies to give them this to perch on. 15 (scientific): Say, does that thing there influence the tides? 16 (obscure): Oh, I'd hate to see the grindstone. 17 (inquiry): When you stop to smell the flowers, are they afraid? 18 (french): Say, the pigs have refused to find any more truffles until you leave. 19 (pornographic): Finally, a man who can satisfy two women at once. 20 (religious): The Lord giveth and He just kept on giving, didn't He. 21 (disgusting): Say, who mows your nose hair? 22 (paranoid): Keep that guy away from my cocaine! 23 (aromatic): It must be wonderful to wake up in the morning and smell the coffee ... in Brazil. 24 (appreciative): Oooo, how original. Most people just have their teeth capped. 25 (dirty): Your name wouldn't be Dick, would it?
Something better... 1 (obvious): Excuse me. Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face? 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover. She's going to blow. 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore something larger. Like ... Wyoming. 4 (personal): Well, here we are. Just the three of us. 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen. Your nose was on time but you were fifteen minutes late. 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you. Gosh. To be able to smell your own ear. 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir. Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't mind putting that thing away. 8 (philosophical): You know. It's not the size of a nose that's important. It's what's in it that matters. 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you. Sneeze and it's goodbye, Seattle. 10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95. 11 (polite): Ah. Would you mind not bobbing your head. The orchestra keeps changing tempo. 12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
Something must be Done This is Something Therefore, This must be Done
Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void. Waiting alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion. It is the source of all programs. I do not know its name, so I will call it the Tao of Programming. If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great. If the operating system is great, then the compiler is great. If the compiler is greater, then the applications is great. The user is pleased and there is harmony in the world. The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of morning.
Something small and distant broke through the cloud layer, trailing shreds of vapour. In the stratospheric calm the sounds of bickering came sharp and clear. "You said you could fly one of these things!" "No I didn't; I just said *you* couldn't!" (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
Sometime in 1993 NANCY SINATRA will lead a BLOODLESS COUP on GUAM!!
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell his doctor. stardate unknown.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away, Looking at me, I got nothin' to say. Don't make me angry with the things games that you play, Either light up or leave me alone.
Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the world.
Sometimes I get the feeling that there are orgies going on all over New York City, and somebody says, "Let's call Desmond," and somebody else says, "Why bother? He's probably home reading the Encyclopedia Britannica."
Sometimes I live in the country, And sometimes I live in town. And sometimes I have a great notion, To jump in the river and drown.
"Sometimes insanity is the only alternative"
"Sometimes I really think people ought to have to pass a *proper* exam before they're allowed to be parents. Not just the practical, I mean."
Sometimes I simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray.
Sometimes I think the surest sign, that intelligent life exists else where in our universe is, is that none of it has tried to contact us. Calvin
Sometimes it's better to light a flamethrower than curse the darkness.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind. Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.
SOMETIMES THE BEAUTY OF THE WORLD is so overwhelming, I just want to throw back my head and gargle. Just gargle and gargle and I don't care who hears me because I am beautiful.
Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.
Sometimes the light's all shining on me, Other times I can barely see. Lately it occurs to me What a long strange trip it's been.
Sometimes, too long is too long.
Sometimes we choose the generalization. Sometimes we don't.
Sometimes when I get up in the morning, I feel very peculiar. I feel like I've just got to bite a cat! I feel like if I don't bite a cat before sundown, I'll go crazy! But then I just take a deep breath and forget about it. That's what is known as real maturity.
Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone else is driving.
Sometimes you get an almost irresistible urge to go on living.
Sometime when you least expect it, Love will tap you on the shoulder... and ask you to move out of the way because it still isn't your turn.
Somewhat alarmed at the continued growth of the number of employees on the Department of Agriculture payroll in 1962, Michigan Republican Robert Griffin proposed an amendment to the farm bill so that "the total number of employees in the Department of Agriculture at no time exceeds the number of farmers in America."
Somewhere around the place I've got an unfinished short story about Schrodinger's Dog; it was mostly moaning about all the attention the cat was getting.
Somewhere in DOWNTOWN BURBANK a prostitute is OVERCOOKING a LAMB CHOP!!
Somewhere in suburban Honolulu, an unemployed bellhop is whipping up a batch of illegal psilocybin chop suey!!
Somewhere in Tenafly, New Jersey, a chiropractor is viewing "Leave it to Beaver"!
Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.
Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a woman giving birth to a child. She must be found and stopped.
"Somewhere", said Father Vittorini, "did Blake not speak of the Machineries of Joy? That is, did not God promote environments, then intimidate these Natures by provoking the existence of flesh, toy men and women, such as are we all? And thus happily sent forth, at our best, with good grace and fine wit, on calm noons, in fair climes, are we not God's Machineries of Joy?" "If Blake said that", said Father Brian, "he never lived in Dublin."
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
So much depends upon a red wheel barrow glazed with rain water beside the white chickens.
So much food; so little time!
So much universe, and so little time.
Son, someday a man is going to walk up to you with a deck of cards on which the seal is not yet broken. And he is going to offer to bet you that he can make the Ace of Spades jump out of the deck and squirt cider in your ears. But son, do not bet this man, for you will end up with a ear full of cider.
Sooner or later you must pay for your sins. (Those who have already paid may disregard this cookie).
So Richard and I decided to try to catch [the small shark]. With a great deal of strategy and effort and shouting, we managed to maneuver the shark, over the course of about a half-hour, to a sort of corner of the lagoon, so that it had no way to escape other than to flop up onto the land and evolve. Richard and I were inching toward it, sort of crouched over, when all of a sudden it turned around and -- I can still remember the sensation I felt at that moment, primarily in the armpit area -- headed right straight toward us. Many people would have panicked at this point. But Richard and I were not "many people." We were experienced waders, and we kept our heads. We did exactly what the textbook says you should do when you're unarmed and a shark that is nearly two feet long turns on you in water up to your lower calves: We sprinted I would say 600 yards in the opposite direction, using a sprinting style such that the bottoms of our feet never once went below the surface of the water. We ran all the way to the far shore, and if we had been in a Warner Brothers cartoon we would have run right INTO the beach, and you would have seen these two mounds of sand racing across the island until they bonked into trees and coconuts fell onto their heads.
Sorry for mailing this article, I've obviously made a typo (168!=186) that's the price for being up all night and doing some "quick" checks before you go to bed ....
Sorry. I forget what I was going to say.
Sorry. I just realized this sentance makes no sense :)
Sorry. My testing organization is either too small, or too large, depending on how you look at it. :-)
Sorry never means having your say to love.
Sorry. Nice try.
Sorry, no fortune this time.
So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie; and at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head into the shop. "What! no soap?" So he died, and she very imprudently married the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand Panjandrum himself, with the little round button at top, and they all fell to playing the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran out at the heels of their boots.
So so is good, very good, very excellent good: and yet it is not; it is but so so.
So... so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell? Blue skies from pain? Did they get you to trade Can you tell a green field Your heroes for ghosts? From a cold steel rail? Hot ashes for trees? A smile from a veil? Hot air for a cool breeze? Do you think you can tell? Cold comfort for change? Did you exchange A walk on part in a war For the lead role in a cage?
So this is it. We're going to die.
So this is what it feels like to be potato salad
So we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and our doubts serve to reassure us.
So we get to my point. Surely people around here read things that aren't on the *Officially Sanctioned Cyberpunk Reading List*. Surely we don't (any of us) really believe that there is some big, deep political and philosophical message in all this, do we? So if this `cyberpunk' thing is just a term of convenience, how can somebody sell out? If cyberpunk is just a word we use to describe a particular style and imagery in sf, how can it be dead? Where are the profound statements that the `Movement' is or was trying to make? I think most of us are interested in examining and discussing literary (and musical) works that possess a certain stylistic excellence and perhaps a rather extreme perspective; this is what CP is all about, no? Maybe there should be a newsgroup like, say, alt.postmodern or something. Something less restrictive in scope than alt.cyberpunk.
- "So we're surrounded by absolutely nothing. There's a word for it. It's what you get when there's nothing left and everything's been used up." - "Yes. I think it's called the bill."
<<< <<< So what should I do to eliminate it? >>> Maybe Just Nothing The issue is that you can't special case get_current_coords to be truish, as far as Devel::Cover is concerned - it might not be. Any fix that could be thought up is inherently problematic. Coverage reporting is not done for the pretty colors - a human reads it, and says "OK, this is logical, get_current_coords always returns a true value". It's not a race for greens and percentages. >>> While I agree coverage is not a race, I disagree that a human should have to disambiguate between real missing coverage and a false negative. At least not more than once. I'll make the same argument "no broken windows" argument here that I do about warnings and tests: eliminate all warnings, even if they are dubious. Ensure all tests pass eliminating all false negatives. Do not leave any "expected warnings" or "expected failures" because this erodes the confidence in the test suite. Warnings and test failures fail to ring alarm bells. One "expected" warning leads to two. Then four. Then finally too many to remember which are expected and which are not and you ignore them all together. The Pragmatic Programmer does a good job with this argument. http://www.pragmaticprogrammer.com/ppbook/extracts/no_broken_windows.html So goes the same with coverage. Red should be a BAD color, something you do not want to see. You want to eliminate the red. But sometimes its a false negative. In that case there should be some way to tell the tool that it is, in fact, a false negative. Just like skipping tests, you store the fact that there is a false negative to make the red go away. Red remains a bad color and seeing it means something is wrong. The team doesn't have to remember which bits are expected to be uncovered and which are not. What's missing is a way to let Devel::Cover know that a bit of coverage is not necessary. The first way to do this which pops into my mind is a comment. my $foo = $bar || default(); # DC ignore X|0 "Hey, Devel::Cover! Ignore the case where the right side of this logic is false." Ignored conditions would be green, but perhaps a slightly different shade of green so they can be spotted if you're looking for them.
"So why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here."
"So, will the Andover party have a cash bar?" "No, there's free beer." "Uh-oh, Stallman's gonna be pissed..."
So, you better watch out! You better not cry! You better not pout! I'm telling you why, Santa Claus is coming, to town. He knows when you've been sleeping, He know when you're awake. He knows if you've been bad or good, He has ties with the CIA. So...
So you're back... about time...
So you see Antonio, why worry about one little core dump, eh? In reality all core dumps happen at the same instant, so the core dump you will have tomorrow, why, it already happened. You see, it's just a little universal recursive joke which threads our lives through the infinite potential of the instant. So go to sleep, Antonio, your thread could break any moment and cast you out of the safe security of the instant into the dark void of eternity, the anti-time. So go to sleep...
So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of money?
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
Space is limited.
Space is to place as eternity is to time.
Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
Space: the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
spagmumps, n.: Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order items.
"Spare no expense to save money on this one."
Speaking as someone who has delved into the intricacies of PL/I, I am sure that only Real Men could have written such a machine-hogging, cycle-grabbing, all-encompassing monster. Allocate an array and free the middle third? Sure! Why not? Multiply a character string times a bit string and assign the result to a float decimal? Go ahead! Free a controlled variable procedure parameter and reallocate it before passing it back? Overlay three different types of variable on the same memory location? Anything you say! Write a recursive macro? Well, no, but Real Men use rescan. How could a language so obviously designed and written by Real Men not be intended for Real Man use?
Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror: With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair He throws the spinning disk drives in the air! And he picks up a Vax and he throws it back down As he wades through the lab making terrible sounds! Helpless users with projects due Scream "My God!" as he stomps on the tape drives, too! Oh, no! He says Unix runs too slow! Go, go, DECzilla! Oh, yes! He's gonna bring up VMS! Go, go, DECzilla!" * VMS is a trademark of Digital Equipment Corporation. * DECzilla is a trademark of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of Death, Inc.
Speaking of love, one problem that recurs more and more frequently these days, in books and plays and movies, is the inability of people to communicate with the people they love; Husbands and wives who can't communicate, children who can't communicate with their parents, and so on. And the characters in these books and plays and so on (and in real life, I might add) spend hours bemoaning the fact that they can't communicate. I feel that if a person can't communicate, the very least he can do is to shut up!
Speaking of purchasing a dog, never buy a watchdog that's on sale. After all, everyone knows a bargain dog never bites!
Speak roughly to your little boy, And beat him when he sneezes: He only does it to annoy Because he knows it teases. Wow! wow! wow! I speak severely to my boy, And beat him when he sneezes: For he can thoroughly enjoy The pepper when he pleases! Wow! wow! wow!
Speak roughly to your little VAX, And boot it when it crashes; It knows that one cannot relax Because the paging thrashes! Wow! Wow! Wow! I speak severely to my VAX, And boot it when it crashes; In spite of all my favorite hacks My jobs it always thrashes! Wow! Wow! Wow!
Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.
Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
"Speak, thou vast and venerable head," muttered Ahab, "which, though ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak, mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee. Of all divers, thou has dived the deepest. That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has moved amid the world's foundations. Where unrecorded names and navies rust, and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful water-land, there was thy most familiar home. Thou hast been where bell or diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers would give their lives to lay them down. Thou saw'st the locked lovers when leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them. Thou saw'st the murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed on unharmed -- while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms. O head! thou has seen enough to split the planets and make an infidel of Abraham, and not one syllable is thine!"
***** Special AI Seminar (abstract) It has been widely recognized that AI programs require expert knowledge in order to perform well in complex domains. But knowledge alone is not sufficient for some applications; wisdom is needed as well. Accordingly, we have developed a new approach to artificial intelligence which we call "wisdom engineering". As a test of our ideas, we have written IMMANUEL, a wisdom based system for the task domain of western philosophical thought. IMMANUEL was supplied initially with 200 wisdom units which contained wisdom about such elementary concepts as mind, matter, being, nothingness, and so forth. IMMANUEL was then allowed to run freely, guided by the heuristic rules contained in its heterarchically organized meta wisdom base. IMMANUEL succeeded in rediscovering most of the important philosophical ideas developed in western culture over the course of the last 25 centuries, including those underlying Plato's theory of government, Kant's metaphysics, Nietzsche's theory of value, and Husserl's phenomenology. In this seminar, we will describe IMMANUEL's achievements and internal architecture. We will also briefly discuss our recent efforts to apply wisdom engineering to oil exploration.
Special engagement; no discounts, passes or coupons accepted.
Specifications subject to change without notice.
Spectacularism: A fascination with extreme situations. Culture"
"Speed is subsittute fo accurancy."
Speer's 1st Law of Proofreading: The visibility of an error is inversely proportional to the number of times you have looked at it.
Spelling is a lossed art.
Spence's Admonition: Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.
Spiritual leadership should remain spiritual leadership and the temporal power should not become too important in any church.
Spirtle, n.: The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in your eye.
Split 1/4 bottle .187 liters Half 1/2 bottle Bottle 750 milliliters Magnum 2 bottles 1.5 liters Jeroboam 4 bottles Rehoboam 6 bottles Not available in the US Methuselah 8 bottles Salmanazar 12 bottles Balthazar 16 bottles Nebuchadnezzar 20 bottles 15 liters Sovereign 34 bottles 26 liters The Sovereign is a new bottle, made for the launching of the largest cruise ship in the world. The bottle alone cost 8,000 dollars to produce and they only made 8 of them. Most of the funny names come from Biblical people.
"Spock, did you see the looks on their faces?" "Yes, Captain, a sort of vacant contentment."
Spock: The odds of surviving another attack are 13562190123 to 1, Captain.
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
Spouse, n.: Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.
Spreading peanut butter reminds me of opera!! I wonder why?
Spring is here, spring is here, Life is skittles and life is beer.
squatcho, n.: The button at the top of a baseball cap.
SQUEAK. (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
<sQuEE> eval: [qr/^(\d)(?{ "x{$1}" })$/] <buubot> sQuEE: [qr/(?-xism:^(\d)(?{ "x{$1}" })$)/] * mauke looks at sQuEE <sQuEE> :$ <fizztpok_> Man, I always feel like I'm getting the hang of Perl until I see nonsense like that. <mauke> what are you trying to do? <sQuEE> im trying to eval qr/$regex/ which contains ^(\d)(??{ "x{$1}" })$ , but $@ returns null <mauke> no, what are you actually trying to do? <ik> sQuEE: what is the point of doing the thing that you are doing? <sQuEE> no, that’s just a testing example <sQuEE> im trying to assign $regex what i captured from a previous match using qr// , eval { $regex = qr/$2/ }; <sQuEE> im not sure what im doing wrong <mauke> I'm not interested in what you're doing; what are you trying to achieve? <ik> You're capturing a regex with a regex and attempting to use said regex? <ik> I hope the data you're matching isn't input :( <PerlJam> mauke: I'm trying to achieve world peace and this regex is the last thing standing in my way! ;) <Khisanth> there will be no world peace! * Khisanth stabs PerlJam <DrForr> Can I at least have whirled peas? * PerlJam fires up the whirly gig for DrForr and inserts some peas * Khisanth dumps a bowl of whirled peas on DrForr's head <DrForr> Mmm, whirled peas.
Squires: The most common X generation subgroup and the only subgroup given to breeding. Squires exist almost exclusively in couples and are recognizable by their frantic attempts to create a semblance of Eisenhower-era plenitude in their daily lives in the face of exorbitant housing prices and two-job life-styles. Squires tend to be continually exhausted from their voraciously acquisitive pursuit of furniture and knickknacks. Culture"
Squirming: Discomfort inflicted on young people by old people who see no irony in their gestures. "Karen died a thousand deaths as her father made a big show of tasting a recently manufactured bottle of wine before allowing it to be poured as the family sat in Steak Hut. Culture"
| |-sshd---tcsh-+-dpkg-buildpacka---rules---sh---make---make---sh ---make---sh---make---sh---make---sh---make---sh---make
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
stab_val(stab)->str_nok = 1; /* what a wonderful hack! */
Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.
Staff meeting in the conference room in %d minutes.
Stamp out organized crime!! Abolish the IRS.
Stamp out philately.
"Stan and I thought that this experiment was so stupid, we decided to finance it ourselves."
Standards are crucial. And the best thing about standards is: there are so many to choose from!
Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by no means the only 'certain' standard. If you mistake what is relative for something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
standards, n.: The principles we use to reject other people's code.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
Star Trek Lives!
Start the day with a smile. After that you can be your nasty old self again.
Star Wars is adolescent nonsense; Close Encounters is obscurantist drivel; Star Trek can turn your brains to puree of bat guano; and the greatest science fiction series of all time is Doctor Who! And I'll take you all on, one-by-one or all in a bunch to back it up!
Statistics are no substitute for judgement.
Statistics means never having to say you're certain.
statistics, n.: A system for expressing your political prejudices in convincing scientific guise.
Status Substitution: Using an object with intellectual or fashionable cachet to substitute for an object that is merely pricey: "Brian, you left your copy of Camus in your brother's BMW." Culture"
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Stayed in bed all morning just to pass the time, There's something wrong here, there can be no more denying, One of us is changing, or maybe we just stopped trying, And it's too late, baby, now, it's too late, Though we really did try to make it, Something inside has died and I can't hide and I just can't fake it... It used to be so easy living here with you, You were light and breezy and I knew just what to do Now you look so unhappy and I feel like a fool. There'll be good times again for me and you, But we just can't stay together, don't you feel it too? But I'm glad for what we had and that I once loved you... But it's too late baby... It's too late, now darling, it's too late...
Stay on the trail.
Stay seated until bus comes to a complete stop.
Stay the curse.
Stay together, drag each other down.
Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time. So long as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental hooks into, there is room for lateral movement. Once this begins, its rate is a matter of discretion.
Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.
Steal my cash, car and TV - but leave the computer!
<Stealth> How do I bind a computer to an NIS server? <Joey> Use a rope?
Steal this tagline. I did.
Steckel's Rule to Success: Good enough is never good enough.
Steele's Law: There exist tasks which cannot be done by more than ten men or fewer than one hundred.
Steele's Plagiarism of Somebody's Philosophy: Everybody should believe in something -- I believe I'll have another drink.
Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming: Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
Stellar rays prove fibbing never pays. Embezzlement is another matter.
Stenderup's Law: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
Step 1: Close AutoCAD - I know this can be difficult for some of you. You could also wait for AutoCAD to crash if you want. ( https://is.gd/mSTRrv )
Step back, unbelievers! Or the rain will never come. Somebody keep the fire burning, someone come and beat the drum. You may think I'm crazy, you may think that I'm insane, But I swear to you, before this day is out, you folks are gonna see some rain!
"Stercus, stercus, stercus, moriturus sum."
<StevenK> I can usually supress the feelings that tell me to crash tackle a girl into the bushes
<StevenK> You're rewriting parts of Quake in *Python*? <knghtbrd> MUAHAHAHA
Still a few bugs in the system... Someday I have to tell you about Uncle Nahum from Maine, who spent years trying to cross a jellyfish with a shad so he could breed boneless shad. His experiment backfired too, and he wound up with bony jellyfish... which was hardly worth the trouble. There's very little call for those up there.
Still, it was a relief to get away from that macabre sight. Gander considered that gnolls didn't look any better inside than out. He hated their guts.
Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth. Say, do you have a map to the next joint?
Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise.
Stock's Observation: You no sooner get your head above water but what someone pulls your flippers off.
Stone's Law: One man's "simple" is another man's "huh?"
Stop ahead.
Stop me, before I kill again!
Stopping Apache webserver...sleeping...starting again... apache: dl-version.c:189: _dl_check_map_versions: Assertion `needed != ((void *)0)' failed noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Stop reinventing wheels, start building space rockets.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is unattainable.
Stop searching. Happiness is right next to you. Now, if they'd only take a bath ...
Stop! There was first a game of blindman's buff. Of course there was. And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes in his boots. My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it. The way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage on the credulity of human nature.
Stop! Whoever crosseth the bridge of Death, must answer first these questions three, ere the other side he see! "What is your name?" "Sir Brian of Bell." "What is your quest?" "I seek the Holy Grail." "What are four lowercase letters that are not legal flag arguments to the Berkeley UNIX version of `ls'?" "I, er.... AIIIEEEEEE!"
Store in a cool place.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
St. Patrick was a gentleman who through strategy and stealth drove all the snakes from Ireland. Here's a toasting to his health -- but not too many toastings lest you lose yourself and then forget the good St. Patrick and see all those snakes again.
Strangelove Reproduction: Having children to make up for the fact that one no longer believes in the future. Culture"
Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas. Five years later? Six? It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Era -- the kind of peak that never comes again. San Fransisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. Maybe it meant something. Maybe not, in the long run... There was madness in any direction, at any hour. If not across the Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda... You could strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we were doing was right, that we were winning... And that, I think, was the handle -- that sense of inevitable victory over the forces of Old and Evil. Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't need that. Our energy would simply prevail. There was no point in fighting of a high and beautiful wave. So now, less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost see the high-water mark -- that place where the wave finally broke and rolled back.
Strange things are done to be number one In selling the computer The Druids were entrepreneurs, IBM has their strategem And they built a granite box Which steadily grows acuter, It tracked the moon, warned of monsoons, And Honeywell competes like Hell, And forecast the equinox But the story's missing link Their price was right, their future Is the system old at Stonemenge sold bright, By the firm of Druids, Inc. The prototype was sold; From Stonehenge site their bits and byte Would ship for Celtic gold. The movers came to crate the frame; It weighed a million ton! The traffic folk thought it a joke The man spoke true, and thus to you (the wagon wheels just spun); A warning from the ages; "They'll nay sell that," the foreman Your stock will slip if you can't ship spat, What's in your brochure's pages. "Just leave the wild weeds grow; See if it sells without the bells "It's Druid-kind, over-designed, And strings that ring and quiver; "And belly up they'll go." Druid repute went down the chute Because they couldn't deliver.
Strategy: A long-range plan whose merit cannot be evaluated until sometime after those creating it have left the organization.
strategy, n.: A comprehensive plan of inaction.
Straw? No, too stupid a fad. I put soot on warts.
* Strength is being able to crush a tomato. * Dexterity is being able to dodge a tomato. * Constitution is being able to eat a bad tomato. * Intelligence is knowing a tomato is a fruit. * Wisdom is knowing not to put a tomato in a fruit salad. * Charisma is being able to sell a tomato based fruit salad.
Stress has been pinpointed as a major cause of illness. To avoid overload and burnout, keep stress out of your life. Give it to others instead. Learn the "Gaslight" treatment, the "Are you talking to me?" technique, and the "Do you feel okay? You look pale." approach. Start with negotiation and implication. Advance to manipulation and humiliation. Above all, relax and have a nice day.
<strestout1> Can GIMP save to svg? <rindolf> strestout1: SVG is a vector graphics format. <rindolf> strestout1: GIMP manipulates bitmaps. <strestout1> Yes rindolf, I know. <strestout1> I just thought it would be nice to have one app for everything instead of having to use inkscape for svg and gimp for everything else. <UnNamed> It could do 3d too. <schumaml> And Audio processing… <UnNamed> And Audio mixing… <UnNamed> And word processing… <schumaml> And it gotta have a kitchen sink! <schumaml> So, the real question might be: is there an image editing mode for Emacs? ;)
str->str_pok |= SP_FBM; /* deep magic */ s = (unsigned char*)(str->str_ptr); /* deeper magic */
<stu> apt: !bugs <apt> !bugs are stupid <dpkg> apt: are stupid? what's that? <apt> dpkg: i don't know <dpkg> apt: Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder... <apt> i already had it that way, dpkg.
Stuckness shouldn't be avoided. It's the psychic predecessor of all real understanding. An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
"Stuck? You're an *alien*," said Johnny. "Aliens don't get stuck in air ducts. It's practically a well-known fact."
"Students?" barked the Archchancellor. "Yes, Master. You know? They're the thinner ones with the pale faces? Because we're a *university*? They come with the whole thing, like rats --"
"Students made it long ago," said Rincewind. "Handy way in and out after lights out." "Ah," said Twoflower, "I *understand*. Over the wall and out to brightly-lit tavernas to drink and sing and recite poetry, yes?" "Nearly right except for the singings and the poetry, yes," said Rincewind.
*** STUDENT SUCCESSES *** Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of programming. One former student developed the concept of the personalized form letter. Does the phrase, "Dear Mr.(insert name), You may already be a winner!," sound familiar? Another student writes "After only five lessons I sold a "My Most Unforgettable Program" article to Corrosive Computing magazine. Another of our graduates writes, "I recently completed a database-management program for my department manager. My program touched him so deeply that he was speechless. He told me later that he had never seen such a program in his entire career. Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could have made this possible." Send for our introductory brochure which explains in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which can vie for a set of free steak knives. If you don't do it now, you'll hate yourself in the morning.
Stult's Report: Our problems are mostly behind us. What we have to do now is fight the solutions.
Stupidity got us into this mess -- why can't it get us out?
Stupidity is its own reward.
"Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward"
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
Stupid, n.: Losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay.
Sturgeon's Law: 90% of everything is crud.
<stu> Stupid nick highlighting <stu> Whenever someone starts with "stupid" it highlights the nick. Hmm.
<stu> you should be afraid to use KDE because RMS might come to your house and cleave your monitor with an axe or something :)
Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.
Subject: Bug#42432: debian-policy: Proposal for CTV for Draft for Proof of Concept for Draft for Proposal for Proposal for CTV for a CTV to decide on a proposal for a CTV for the CTV on whether or not we shoud have a CTV on the /usr/doc to /usr/share/doc transition now, or later.
Subject: Linux box finds it hard to wake up in the morning I've heard of dogs being like their owners, but Linux boxen?
Subject to change without notice.
Submission A nation is like a hierarchy, a marketplace, and a maiden. A maiden wins her husband by submitting to his advances; Submission is a means of union. So when a large country submits to a small country It will adopt the small country; When a small country submits to a large country It will be adopted by the large country; The one submits and adopts; The other submits and is adopted. It is in the interest of a large country to unite and gain service, And in the interest of a small country to unite and gain patronage; If both would serve their interests, Both must submit.
Substance Too much colour blinds the eye, Too much music deafens the ear, Too much taste dulls the palate, Too much play maddens the mind, Too much desire tears the heart. In this manner the sage cares for people: He provides for the belly, not for the senses; He ignores abstraction and holds fast to substance.
Substantial penalty for early withdrawal.
Substantial risk of electric shock.
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood.
Subtlety The ancients did not seek to rule people with knowledge, But to help them become natural. It is difficult for knowledgeable people to become natural. To use law to control a nation weakens the nation. But to use nature to control a nation strengthens the nation. Understanding these two paths is understanding subtlety; Subtlety runs deep, ranges wide, Resolves confusion and preserves peace.
Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names the streets after them.
"Success covers a multitude of blunders."
Successful and fortunate crime is called virtue.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is in the minds of Fools.
Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.
Successophobia: The fear that if one is successful, then one's personal needs will be forgotten and one will no longer have one's childish needs catered to. Culture"
Succumb to natural tendencies. Be hateful and boring.
Such a fine first dream! But they laughed at me; they said I had made it up.
Such a foolish notion, that war is called devotion, when the greatest warriors are the ones who stand for peace.
Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political, petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar without his duck ...
Suffering alone exists, none who suffer; The deed there is, but no doer thereof; Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it; The Path there is, but none who travel it.
Suffocating together ... would create heroic camaraderie.
sugar daddy, n.: A man who can afford to raise cain.
Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.
Suicide is simply a case of mistaken identity.
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
Suicide was against the law. Johnny had wondered why. It meant that if you missed, or the gas ran out, or the rope broke, you could get locked up in prison to show you that life was really very jolly and thoroughly worth living.
"Summit meetings tend to be like panda matings. The expectations are always high, and the results usually disappointing."
Sun in the night, everyone is together, Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
SUN Microsystems: The Network IS the Load Average.
/\ SUN of them wants to use you, \\ \ / \ \\ / SUN of them wants to be used by you, / / \/ / //\ \//\ \// / SUN of them wants to abuse you, / / /\ / / \\ \ SUN of them wants to be abused ... \ \\ \/
sunset, n.: Pronounced atmospheric scattering of shorter wavelengths, resulting in selective transmission below 650 nanometers with progressively reducing solar elevation.
Superior ability breeds superior ambition.
Superstition, idolatry, and hypocrisy have ample wages, but truth goes a-begging.
Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics? Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of Quantum Mechanics? Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you? Supervisee: Yes.
Support bacteria -- it's the only culture some people have!
Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.
Support In mythical times all things were whole: All the sky was clear, All the earth was stable, All the mountains were firm, All the riverbeds were full, All of nature was fertile, And all the rulers were supported. But, losing clarity, the sky tore; Losing stability, the earth split; Losing strength, the mountains sank; Losing water, the riverbeds cracked; Losing fertility, nature disappeared; And losing support, the rulers fell. Rulers depend upon their subjects, The noble depend upon the humble; So rulers call themselves orphaned, hungry and alone, To win the people's support.
Support Mental Health. Or I'll kill you.
Support the Girl Scouts! (Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!)
Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.
Support your local church or synagogue. Worship at Bank of America.
Support your local police force -- steal!!
Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.
Support your right to arm bears!!
Support your right to bare arms!
Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same rate as computers and over the same period: how much cheaper and more efficient would the current models be? If you have not already heard the analogy, the answer is shattering. Today you would be able to buy a Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and it would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II. And if you were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on a pinhead.
Suppose you're working on an optimizer to render \X unnecessary (or rather, redundant, which isn't the same thing in my book).
Suppose you went back to Ada Lovelace and asked her the difference between a script and a program. She'd probably look at you funny, then say something like: Well, a script is what you give the actors, but a program is what you give the audience. That Ada was one sharp lady…
Sure he's sharp as a razor ... he's a two-dimensional pinhead!
"Surely you can't be serious." "I am serious, and stop calling me Shirley."
- "Surely you have considered terrorist activity?" There was another pause. Then the spokesman said, in the quiet tones of someone who has had enough and who is going to quit after this and raise chickens somewhere, "Yes, I suppose we must. All we need to do is find some terrorists who are capable of taking an entire nuclear reactor out of its can while it's running and without anyone noticing. It weighs about a thousand tons and is forty feet high. So they'll be quite *strong* terrorists. Perhaps you'd like to ring them up, sir, and ask them questions in that supercilious, accusatory way of yours." (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
Surly to bed, surly to rise, makes you about average.
Surprise due today. Also the rent.
Surprise! You are the lucky winner of a random I.R.S. Audit! Just type in your name and social security number. Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law: Name #
Surprise your boss. Get to work on time.
"Survey says..."
Survivulousness: The tendency to visualize oneself enjoying being the last person on Earth. "I'd take a helicopter up and throw microwave ovens down on the Taco Bell." Culture"
Sushido, n.: The way of the tuna.
sushi, n.: When that-which-may-still-be-alive is put on top of rice and strapped on with electrical tape.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
Swahili, n.: The language used by the National Enquirer to print their retractions.
Swap read error. You lose your mind.
Sweater, n.: A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
Sweet sixteen is beautiful Bess, And her voice is changing -- from "No" to "Yes".
Swerve me? The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails, whereon my soul is grooved to run. Over unsounded gorges, through the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly I rush!
Swim at your own risk.
<\\swing> and if we're playing old distributions... whatever happened to Yggdrasil? :) <joost> \\swing: everybody who tried to pronounce it got their tongue in a knot and choked
Swipple's Rule of Order: He who shouts the loudest has the floor.
switch (ref $@) { OverflowError => warn "Dam needs to be drained"; DomainError => warn "King needs to be trained"; NuclearWarError => die; }
Symptom: Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, beer is unusually pale and clear. Problem: Glass empty. Action Required: Find someone who will buy you another beer. Symptom: Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, and the front of your shirt is wet. Fault: Mouth not open when drinking or glass applied to wrong part of face. Action Required: Buy another beer and practice in front of mirror. Drink as many as needed to perfect drinking technique.
Symptom: Everything has gone dark. Fault: The Bar is closing. Action Required: Panic. Symptom: You awaken to find your bed hard, cold and wet. You cannot see the bathroom light. Fault: You have spent the night in the gutter. Action Required: Check your watch to see if bars are open yet. If not, treat yourself to a lie-in.
Symptom: Feet cold and wet, glass empty. Fault: Glass being held at incorrect angle. Action Required: Turn glass other way up so that open end points toward ceiling. Symptom: Feet warm and wet. Fault: Improper bladder control. Action Required: Go stand next to nearest dog. After a while complain to the owner about its lack of house training and demand a beer as compensation.
Symptom: Floor blurred. Fault: You are looking through bottom of empty glass. Action Required: Find someone who will buy you another beer. Symptom: Floor moving. Fault: You are being carried out. Action Required: Find out if you are taken to another bar. If not, complain loudly that you are being kidnapped.
Symptom: Floor swaying. Fault: Excessive air turbulence, perhaps due to air-hockey game in progress. Action Required: Insert broom handle down back of jacket. Symptom: Everything has gone dim, strange taste of peanuts and pretzels or cigarette butts in mouth. Fault: You have fallen forward. Action Required: See above. Symptom: Opposite wall covered with acoustic tile and several fluorescent light strips. Fault: You have fallen over backward. Action Required: If your glass is full and no one is standing on your drinking arm, stay put. If not, get someone to help you get up, lash yourself to bar.
* SynrG notes that the number of configuration questions to answer in sendmail is NON-TRIVIAL
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.
System/3! System/3! See how it runs! See how it runs! Its monitor loses so totally! It runs all its programs in RPG! It's made by our favorite monopoly! System/3!
System checkpoint complete.
System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.
System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.
System going down in 5 minutes.
system-independent, adj.: Works equally poorly on all systems.
System restarting, wait...
Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub-systems and so on ad infinitum -- which is why we're always starting over.
 *** System shutdown message from root *** System going down in 60 seconds
Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
Tactical? TACTICAL!?!? Hey, buddy, we went from kilotons to megatons several minutes ago. We don't need no stinkin' tactical nukes. (By the way, do you have change for 10 million people?) --lwall
Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Tact, n.: The unsaid part of what you're thinking.
Tagline, you're it!
TAILFINS!! ... click ...
Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he raises to spout.
Take a look around you, tell me what you see, A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key. If you can get close enough to look into her eyes There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides. And you're fair game, You never know what she'll decide, you're fair game, Just relax, enjoy the ride. Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool, But do it with a little class, disregard the rules. 'Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date. The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate. (chorus) The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch. She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch. Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie, And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die. (chorus)
Take an astronaut to launch.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
Take everything in stride. Trample anyone who gets in your way.
take forceful action: Do something that should have been done a long time ago.
Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese.
Take it easy, we're in a hurry.
"Take it from me, whenever you see a bunch of buggers puttering around talking about truth and beauty and the best way of attacking Ethics, you can bet your sandals it's all because dozens of other poor buggers are doing all the real work around the place."
Take me drunk, I'm home again!
Take One ticket to New Orleans Take One cab to Bourbon Street Take steps to the counter of the all night frozen dacquiri shop. Take One Large Cupful. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
"Take that, you hostile sons-of-bitches!"
Take the folks at Coca-Cola. For many years, they were content to sit back and make the same old carbonated beverage. It was a good beverage, no question about it; generations of people had grown up drinking it and doing the experiment in sixth grade where you put a nail into a glass of Coke and after a couple of days the nail dissolves and the teacher says: "Imagine what it does to your TEETH!" So Coca-Cola was solidly entrenched in the market, and the management saw no need to improve ...
Take time to reflect on all the things you have, not as a result of your merit or hard work or because God or chance or the efforts of other people have given them to you.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
Take your dying with some seriousness, however. Laughing on the way to your execution is not generally understood by less advanced life forms, and they'll call you crazy.
Take your Senator to lunch this week.
Take your work seriously but never take yourself seriously; and do not take what happens either to yourself or your work seriously.
Talent does what it can. Genius does what it must. You do what you get paid to do.
<talexb> Wow, I've won 4M pounds sterling, and all I have to do is contact someone in Zambia for more information. What could possibly go wrong? <rindolf> talexb: heh. <jagerman> Wait, I thought *I* won that. <talexb> rindolf, Can't believe people still fall for that line .. <fwiles> damn, wish I would win something… I just seem to be pre-approved for about $13 billion worth of home loans <talexb> Oops, sorry jagerman .. I'm already faxing this lady my Power of Attorney!!! <talexb> fwiles, Oh, that'll buy you a nice semi in Toronto. <jagerman> talexb: Oh, I'm way ahead of you then. I'm flying there to meet with "government officials." <jagerman> I'm paying for it myself, of course, since I'll be rich once they transfer the money to me. <talexb> jagerman, Rats! Hey, I know a couple of lawyers if you need 'em .. very trustworthy, share some office space with some barbers.
<Tali> be vewwy vewwy qwuiet .. I'm huntin wuntime ewwos
Talkers are no good doers.
Talking about a piece of movie dialogue: Let's have some new cliches. -Samuel Goldwyn
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
Talking Pinhead Blues: Oh, I LOST my ``HELLO KITTY'' DOLL and I get BAD reception on channel TWENTY-SIX!! Th'HOSTESS FACTORY is closin' down and I just heard ZASU PITTS has been DEAD for YEARS.. (sniff) My PLATFORM SHOE collection was CHEWED up by th' dog, ALEXANDER HAIG won't let me take a SHOWER 'til Easter ... (snurf) So I went to the kitchen, but WALNUT PANELING whup me upside mah HAID!! (on no, no, no.. Heh, heh)
Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
<taniwha> i'd solve a windows key problem with fdisk :)
<taniwha> Knghtbrd: it's not bloat if it's used <Knghtbrd> taniwha: how do you explain windoze then? <taniwha> Knghtbrd: most of it is used only as ballast to make sure your harddrive is full <Knghtbrd> taniwha: ballast... Isn't that what makes subs sink to the bottom of the ocean? <Knghtbrd> taniwha: that would explain why winboxes are always going down.
<taniwha> Knghtbrd: we should do a quake episode :knee deep in the code": you run around shooting at bugs:) <Knghtbrd> taniwha: I'll pass the idea on to OpenQuartz ;>
<taniwha> Zoid: we're nuts, but we're productive nuts:) * taniwha wonders what productive nuts taste like
Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred, Tan me hide when I'm dead. So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde, It's hanging there on the shed. All together now... Tie me kangaroo down, sport, Tie me kangaroo down. Tie me kangaroo down, sport, Tie me kangaroo down.
TANSTAAFL
TAPPING? You POLITICIANS! Don't you realize that the END of the "Wash Cycle" is a TREASURED MOMENT for most people?!
Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
<Tarzan> hey did you fall off your pirch or something? <knghtbrd> me? heh.
<tausq> if (cb) ((cb->obj)->*(cb->ui_func))(); <knghtbrd> tausq: who the HELL wrote that ? <tausq> me :) * knghtbrd flogs tausq
<tausq> Q. What's the difference between Batman and Bill Gates? <tausq> A. When Batman fought the Penguin, he won.
Tax and title extra.
"Taxation, gentlemen, is very much like dairy farming. The task is to extract the maximum amount of milk with the minimum of moo. And I am afraid to say that these days all I get is moo."
Taxation is just a sophisticated way of demanding money with menaces.
Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself out of the market.
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
Taxes, n.: Of life's two certainties, the only one for which you can get an extension.
taxidermist, n.: A man who mounts animals.
tax office, n.: Den of inequity.
Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree."
Tax, title, tag, and dealer handling not included.
<Tazman> damn my office is cold. <Tazman> need a hot secretary to warm it up.
Tcl long ago fell into the Forth trap, and is now trying desperately to extricate itself (with some help from Sun's marketing department).
Tcl tends to get ported to weird places like routers.
TCP/IP Slang Glossary, #1: Gong, n: Medieval term for privy, or what passed for them in that era. Today used whimsically to describe the aftermath of a bogon attack. Think of our community as the Galapagos of the English language. "Vogons may read you bad poetry, but bogons make you study obsolete RFCs."
Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when they grow up, they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.
Teachers have class.
Teamwork is essential -- it allows you to blame someone else.
teamwork, n.: Having someone to blame.
Techical solutions are not a matter of voting. Two legislations in the US states almost decided that the value of Pi be 3.14, exactly. Popular vote does not make for a correct solution.
Tech needs less wizards, ninjas, and rockstars, and way more sociologists.
Technicality, n.: In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in having accused a neighbor of murder. His exact words were: "Sir Thomas Holt hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the head, so that one side of his head fell on one shoulder and the other side upon the other shoulder." The defendant was acquitted by instruction of the court, the learned judges holding that the words did not charge murder, for they did not affirm the death of the cook, that being only an inference.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Technology is a constant battle between manufacturers producing bigger and more idiot-proof systems and nature producing bigger and better idiots. (Possibly a variation of https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Rick_Cook . )
Technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand.
<Teknix> our local telco has admitted that someone "backed into a button on a switch" and took the entire ATM network down <netgod> hopefully now routers are designed better, so the "network off" swtich is on the back
Tel Aviv - a functional definition: Free parking space free space. Shachar Shemesh [Blog Post](http://blog.shemesh.biz/?p=435)
Tele-Parabilizing: Morals used in everyday life that derive from TV sitcom plots: "That's just like the episode where Jan loses her glasses!" Culture"
Telephone books are like dictionaries -- if you know the answer before you look it up, you can eventually reaffirm what you thought you knew but weren't sure. But if you're searching for something you don't already know, your fingers could walk themselves to death.
Telephone, n.: An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
telepression, n.: The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not try hard enough to look up the number on your own and instead put the burden on the directory assistant.
Television has brought back murder into the home -- where it belongs.
Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other.
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
Television is now so desperately hungry for material that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
Television -- the longest amateur night in history.
Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch to be sure.
<Teller> where am I and what am I doing in this handbasket?
Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting a falsehood, isn't it?
Tell me, O Octopus, I begs, Is those things arms, or is they legs? I marvel at thee, Octopus; If I were thou, I'd call me us.
Tell me what to think!!!
Tell me why the stars do shine, Tell me why the ivy twines, Tell me why the sky's so blue, And I will tell you just why I love you. Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine, Phototropism makes ivy twine, Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue, Sexual hormones are why I love you.
"Tell the truth and run."
Tell the truth or trump--but get the trick.
Tempt me with a spoon!
Tempt not a desperate man.
Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to shoot some craps. The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable. When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his entire wad, shook the dice and rolled. A smile crossed his face as a seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others. No one said a word. Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket and handed the others to Dutsky. "Roll 'em," Lucci said. "Your point is thirteen."
Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing.
<Teratogen> Two atoms are walking down the street when one of them says "I think I've lost an electron." The second one says "are you sure?", to which the first one replies "Yes, I'm positive". <mpeg4codec> So officer Schroedinger pulls over this quantum particle and he says ``Do you know how fast you were going?'' <mpeg4codec> the particle says, ``No, but I know exactly where I am.'' <Teratogen> everybody has heard of Schroedinger's cat experiment <Teratogen> but very few people know that Schroedinger hated cats <Teratogen> with a passion <Teratogen> and actually experimented on them <Teratogen> he even owned a set of cat-fur gloves <Teratogen> cats mysteriously disappeared around Schroedinger's laboratory <Teratogen> and there was no Chinese restaurant close by to explain the disappearances <mpeg4codec> Schroedinger's cat: wanted dead AND alive
Terence, this is stupid stuff: You eat your victuals fast enough; There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear, To see the rate you drink your beer. But oh, good Lord, the verse you make, It gives a chap the belly-ache. The cow, the old cow, she is dead; It sleeps well the horned head: We poor lads, 'tis our turn now To hear such tunes as killed the cow. Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme Your friends to death before their time. Moping, melancholy mad: Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave school, and then work, work, work till we die.
Testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence.
Test-tube babies shouldn't throw stones.
Teutonic: Not enough gin.
Texas A&M football coach Jackie Sherrill went to the office of the Dean of Academics because he was concerned about his players' mental abilities. "My players are just too stupid for me to deal with them", he told the unbelieving dean. At this point, one of his players happened to enter the dean's office. "Let me show you what I mean", said Sherrill, and he told the player to run over to his office to see if he was in. "OK, Coach", the player replied, and was off. "See what I mean?" Sherrill asked. "Yeah", replied the dean. "He could have just picked up this phone and called you from here."
Texas law forbids anyone to have a pair of pliers in his possession.
TeX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this century. It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.
Tex SEX! The HOME of WHEELS! The dripping of COFFEE!! Take me to Minnesota but don't EMBARRASS me!!
"Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even one which cannot be justified on any other grounds."
Thank God a million billion times you live in Texas.
Thank God I found the good in goodbye!
Thank God I'm an atheist.
Thank god!! ... It's HENNY YOUNGMAN!!
Thank goodness modern convenience is a thing of the remote future.
"Thank heaven for startups; without them we'd never have any advances."
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
"That boy's about as sharp as a pound of wet liver"
That could certainly be done, but I don't want to fall into the Forth trap, where every running Forth implementation is really a different language.
That does not compute.
That feeling just came over me.
That gets us out of deciding how to spell Reg[eE]xp?|RE . . . Of course, then we have to decide what ref $re returns... :-)
That government is best which governs least.
That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way as us.
That means I'll have to use $ans to suppress newlines now. Life is ridiculous.
That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once, It said "Good-bye.
That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
That's always the way when you discover something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
That's been one of my mantras - focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
That seems to point up a significant difference between Europeans and Americans. A European says: "I can't understand this, what's wrong with me?" An American says: "I can't understand this, what's wrong with him?"
That should probably be written: no !@#$%^&*:@!semicolon
That's life for you, said McDunn. Someone always waiting for someone who never comes home. Always someone loving something more than that thing loves them. And after awhile you want to destroy whatever that thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.
That's life. What's life? A magazine. How much does it cost? Two-fifty. I only have a dollar. That's life.
That's me in the corner. That's me in the spotlight. Losing my abstraction. Trying to keep my point of view… And I don't know if I can do it. Oh no, I code too much. Haven't debugged enough. Is that why I heard you laughing? I thought that I heard you ping. I think I thought I saw you reply.
That's no moon...
That's not helpful. When a project doesn't release a new version, some people say "Oh, don't use it! They don't release new versions!" When a project does release a new version, some people say "Oh, don't use it! It's not perfect yet!" Meanwhile, the so-called reliable state of the art is a jumble of Perl which writes cross platform shell scripts to install Perl code, and you customize that by writing a superclass from which platform-specific modules inherit pseudo-methods which use regular expressions to search and replace cross-platform cross-shell code, with all of the cross-platform and cross-shell quoting issues that entails. I wish I were making any of this up. (I wrote tests for part of it.) This is why we can't have nice things.
That's odd. That's very odd. Wouldn't you say that's very odd?
That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
"That's right," he said. "We're philosophers. We think, therefore we am."
"That's right; the upper-case shift works fine on the screen, but they're not coming out on the damn printer... Hold? Sure, I'll hold."
"That statement is either so deep it would take a lifetime to fully comprehend every particle of its meaning, or it is a load of absolute tosh. Which is it, I wonder?"
That's the funniest thing I've ever heard and I will _not_ condone it.
>That's the nice thing about UNIX, it gives you so many >ways to shoot yourself in the foot. :) At least it does allow you to shoot yourself in the foot. It doesn't say "shooting feet isn't supported" Or you can shoot yourself in the foot by writing a management console plugin that will pass the data to Word using VBA and then call Excel via com to split it into columns and then write an activeX control to get the columns back as
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.
That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
That's what she said.
That's where the money was. It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
"That's why it's always worth having a few philosophers around the place. One minute it's all Is Truth Beauty and Is Beauty Truth, and Does A Falling Tree in the Forest Make A Sound if There's No one There to Hear It, and then just when you think they're going to start dribbling one of 'em says, Incidentally, putting a thirty-foot parabolic reflector on a high place to shoot the rays of the sun at an enemy's ships would be a very interesting demonstration of optical principles." (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
That that is is that that is not is not.
That, that is, is. That, that is not, is not. That, that is, is not that, that is not. That, that is not, is not that, that is.
... that the notions of "hardware", and "software" should be extended by the notion of LIVEWARE - being that which produces software for use on hardware. This produces an obvious extension to the concept of MONITORS. A liveware monitor is a person dedicated to the task of ensuring that the liveware does not interfere with the real-time processes, invoking the REAL-TIME EXECUTIONER to delete liveware that adversely affects ...
"That unit is a woman." "A mass of conflicting impulses."
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
That wouldn't be good enough.
The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.
The 357.73 Theory: Auditors always reject expense accounts with a bottom line divisible by 5.
The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.
The Abrams' Principle: The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
The absent ones are always at fault.
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
"The ACLU has stood foursquare against the recurring tides of hysteria that from time to time threaten freedoms everywhere... Indeed, it is difficult to appreciate how far our freedoms might have eroded had it not been for the Union's valiant representation in the courts of the constitutional rights of people of all persuasions, no matter how unpopular or even despised by the majority they were at the time."
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level. I think it is ignorance that makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre. For surely anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper.
The Advertising Agency Song When your client's hopping mad, Put his picture in the ad. If he still should prove refractory, Add a picture of his factory.
The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that he is already degraded.
The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts. Seek simplicity and distrust it.
The 'A' is for content, the 'minus' is for not typing it. Don't ever do this to my eyes again.
The alarm clock that is louder than God's own belongs to the roommate with the earliest class.
The Alchemist's Guild is opposite the Gambler's Guild. Usually. Sometimes it's above it, or below it, or falling in bits around it.
The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete. For you systems people, that means it's *real slow*.
"The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty. You might want to mug someone with it."
The all-softening overpowering knell, The tocsin of the soul, -- the dinner bell.
The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
The American Dental Association announced today that most plaque tends to form on teeth around 4:00 PM in the afternoon. Film at 11:00.
The American nation in the sixth ward is a fine people; they love the eagle -- on the back of a dollar.
"The Amiga is the only personal computer where you can run a multitasking operating system and get realtime performance, out of the box."
The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.
The amount of weight an evangelist carries with the almighty is measured in billigrahams.
The Analytical Engine weaves Algebraical patterns just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.
... The Anarchists' [national] anthem is an international anthem that consists of 365 raspberries blown in very quick succession to the tune of "Camptown Races". Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to listen to it, and, even better, nobody has to play it.
The Ancient Doctrine of Mind Over Matter: I don't mind... and you don't matter.
The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
The animals are not as stupid as one thinks -- they have neither doctors nor lawyers.
The annual meeting of the "You Have To Listen To Experience" Club is now in session. Our Achievement Awards this year are in the fields of publishing, advertising and industry. For best consistent contribution in the field of publishing our award goes to editor, R.L.K., [...] for his unrivaled alle- giance without variation to the statement: "Personally I'd love to do it, we'd ALL love to do it. But we're not going to do it. It's not the kind of book our house knows how to handle." Our superior performance award in the field of advertising goes to media executive, E.L.M., [...] for the continu- ally creative use of the old favorite: "I think what you've got here could be very exciting. Why not give it one more try based on the approach I've out- lined and see if you can come up with something fresh." Our final award for courageous holding action in the field of industry goes to supervisor, R.S., [...] for her unyielding grip on "I don't care if they fire me, I've been arguing for a new approach for YEARS but are we SURE that this is the right time--" I would like to conclude this meeting with a verse written specially for our prospectus by our founding president fifty years ago -- and now, as then, fully expressive of the emotion most close to all our hearts -- Treat freshness as a youthful quirk, And dare not stray to ideas new, For if t'were tried they might e'en work And for a living what woulds't we do?
* The_Answer_MD throws spaghetti at everyone * taniwha eats the spaghetti * Coderjoe tosses around some meatballs * Knghtbrd gets the cheese * taniwha grabs a red
The answer to the question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is... Four day work week, Two ply toilet paper!
The answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything was released with the kind permission of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers, Sages, Luminaries, and Other Professional Thinking Persons.
The appreciation of the average visual graphisticator alone is worth the whole suaveness and decadence which abounds!!
The Archchancellor's most important job, as the Bursar saw it, was to sign things, preferably, from the Bursar's point of view, without reading them first. (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
"The argument that the literal story of Genesis can qualify as science collapses on three major grounds: the creationists' need to invoke miracles in order to compress the events of the earth's history into the biblical span of a few thousand years; their unwillingness to abandon claims clearly disproved, including the assertion that all fossils are products of Noah's flood; and their reliance upon distortion, misquote, half-quote, and citation out of context to characterize the ideas of their opponents." The Skeptical Inquirer, Winter 87/88, pg. 186
The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas River can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.
The ark lands after The Flood. Noah lets all the animals out. Says he, "Go and multiply." Several months pass. Noah decides to check up on the animals. All are doing fine except a pair of snakes. "What's the problem?" says Noah. "Cut down some trees and let us live there", say the snakes. Noah follows their advice. Several more weeks pass. Noah checks on the snakes again. Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy. Noah asks, "Want to tell me how the trees helped?" "Certainly", say the snakes. "We're adders, and we need logs to multiply."
The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
The Arrogant Worms describe Canada: Our mountains are very pointy; our prairies are not. The rest is kinda bumpy, but man, do we have a lot!
The Assassin moved quietly from roof to roof until he was well away from the excitement around the Watch House. His movements could be called cat-like, except that he did not stop to spray urine up against things.
The assertion that "all men are created equal" was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the Declaration not for that, but for future use.
The astronomer Francesco Sizi, a contemporary of Galileo, argues that Jupiter can have no satellites: There are seven windows in the head, two nostrils, two ears, two eyes, and a mouth; so in the heavens there are two favorable stars, two unpropitious, two luminaries, and Mercury alone undecided and indifferent. From which and many other similar phenomena of nature such as the seven metals, etc., which it were tedious to enumerate, we gather that the number of planets is necessarily seven. [...] Moreover, the satellites are invisible to the naked eye and therefore can have no influence on the earth and therefore would be useless and therefore do not exist.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The autodecrement is not magical.
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just terrible.
The average income of the modern teenager is about 2 a.m.
The average individual's position in any hierarchy is a lot like pulling a dogsled -- there's no real change of scenery except for the lead dog.
The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.
The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from one graveyard to another.
"The Avis WIZARD decides if you get to drive a car. Your head won't touch the pillow of a Sheraton unless their computer says it's okay."
The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that carries any reward.
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
The bank called to tell me that I'm overdrawn, Some freaks are burning crosses out on my front lawn, And I *can't*believe* it, all the Cheetos are gone, It's just ONE OF THOSE DAYS!
The bank sent our statement this morning, The red ink was a sight of great awe! Their figures and mine might have balanced, But my wife was too quick on the draw.
The basic idea behind malls is that they are more convenient than cities. Cities contain streets, which are dangerous and crowded and difficult to park in. Malls, on the other hand, have parking lots, which are also dangerous and crowded and difficult to park in, but -- here is the big difference -- in mall parking lots, THERE ARE NO RULES. You're allowed to do anything. You can drive as fast as you want in any direction you want. I was once driving in a mall parking lot when my car was struck by a pickup truck being driven backward by a squat man with a tattoo that said "Charlie" on his forearm, who got out and explained to me, in great detail, why the accident was my fault, his reasoning being that he was violent and muscular, whereas I was neither. This kind of reasoning is legally valid in mall parking lots.
The basic menu item, in fact the ONLY menu item, would be a food unit called the "patty," consisting of -- this would be guaranteed in writing -- "100 percent animal matter of some kind." All patties would be heated up and then cooled back down in electronic devices immediately before serving. The Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg, Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a bottle and a little slip of paper stating: "Inspected by Number 12." The Lunch or Dinner Patty would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in the morning. The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were starting to emit a serious aroma. Patties that were too rank even to be Seafood Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as "Nuggets."
The Battle of Koom Valley is the only one known to history where both sides ambushed each other.
The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven; The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change. These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
The Beatles: Paul McCartney's old back-up band.
The beauty of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.
The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer. [If I can read my notes from the Ask Dr. Mike session at Baycon, I believe he added that the beer-cooled computer uses "Forget Only Memory". Ed.]
The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland"; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
The best case: Get salary from America, build a house in England, live with a Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food. Pretty good case: Get salary from England, build a house in America, live with a Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food. The worst case: Get salary from China, build a house in Japan, live with a British wife, and eat American food.
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep. -W. C. Fields
The best defense against logic is ignorance.
The best definition of a gentleman is a man who can play the accordion -- but doesn't.
The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive. However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours by judging things by their price.
The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
"The best index to a person's character is a) how he treats people who can't do him any good and b) how he treats people who can't fight back."
The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.
The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The best rebuttal to this kind of statistical argument came from the redoubtable John W. Campbell: The laws of population growth tell us that approximately half the people who were ever born in the history of the world are now dead. There is therefore a 0.5 probability that this message is being read by a corpse.
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are drifting side by side to our common doom.
The best thing about a UDP joke is that I don’t care if you get it or not.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
"The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff and blow, "is to learn something. That's the only thing that never fails. You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then -- to learn. Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting. Learning is the only thing for you. Look what a lot of things there are to learn."
The best things in life are for a fee.
The best things in life go on sale sooner or later.
The best thing that comes out of Iowa is I-80.
The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.8 meters per second per second.
The best way to avoid responsibility is to say, "I've got responsibilities."
The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them is a match.
The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to smoke is a right worth dying for.
The best you get is an even break.
The better part of valor is discretion.
The better the state is established, the fainter is humanity. To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task.
The Bible is not my Book and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long complicated statements of Christian dogma.
The Bible on letters of reference: Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials? Do we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you? No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
The bigger the theory the better.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
The biggest mistake you can make is to believe that you are working for someone else.
"The biggest problem facing software engineering is the one it will never solve - politics." by working on a large project beseiged by politics
The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred.
The big problem with pornography is defining it. You can't just say it's pictures of people naked. For example, you have these primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot, and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of Northern Mali that you may be interested in." So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason naked, or whatever. But if National Geographic were to publish an article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography. But others would not. And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev. Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly ... and the bird is on the wing.
The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public. It's not that Miss Manners is immune to romance. Miss Manners has been known to squeeze a gentleman's arm while being helped over a curb, and, in her wild youth, even to press a dainty slipper against a foot or two under the dinner table. Miss Manners also believes that the sight of people strolling hand in hand or arm in arm or arm in hand dresses up a city considerably more than the more familiar sight of people shaking umbrellas at one another. What Miss Manners objects to is the kind of activity that frightens the horses on the street...
The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage and tourist handouts. This bear has learned to open car doors in Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens of thousands of dollars a year. Campaigns to bearproof all garbage containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist put it, "There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."
The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
The bogosity meter just pegged.
The bomb will never go off. I speak as an expert in explosives.
The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
... The book is worth attention for only two reasons: (1) it attacks attempts to expose sham paranormal studies; and (2) it is very well and plausibly written and so rather harder to dismiss or refute by simple jeering. The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 200-201
The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up. Everybody but one girl laughed uproariously. "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you got a sense of humor?" "I don't have to laugh," she said. "I'm leaving Friday anyway.
The boy stood on the burning deck, Eating peanuts by the peck. His father called him, but he could not go, For he loved those peanuts so.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to work.
The Briggs-Chase Law of Program Development: To determine how long it will take to write and debug a program, take your best estimate, multiply that by two, add one, and convert to the next higher units.
The British are coming! The British are coming!
The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing and humiliating reality.
The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower. To think otherwise is to demean the Buddha -- which is to demean oneself.
The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be. Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
The bug starts here.
The bug stops here.
The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State Univ. by Professor Scott Rice. It is held in memory of Edward George Earle Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873), a rather prolific and popular (in his time) novelist. He is best known today for having written "The Last Days of Pompeii." Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse, beginning "It was a dark and stormy night..." he is borrowing from Lord Bulwer-Lytton. This was the line that opened his novel, "Paul Clifford," written in 1830. The full line reveals why it is so bad: It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents -- except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
... The cable had passed us by; the dish was the only hope, and eventually we were all forced to turn to it. By the summer of '85, the valley had more satellite dishes per capita than an Eskimo village on the north slope of Alaska. Mine was one of the last to go in. I had been nervous from the start about the hazards of too much input, which is a very real problem with these things. Watching TV becomes a full-time job when you can scan 200 channels all day and all night and still have the option of punching Night Dreams into the video machine, if the rest of the world seems dull.
The cable TV sex channels don't expand our horizons, don't make us better people, and don't come in clearly enough.
The calender of the Theocracy of Muntab counts down, not up. No-one knows why, but it might not be a good idea to hang around and find out.
The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first time since the journey began -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent with Basil.
The camel has a single hump; The dromedary two; Or else the other way around. I'm never sure. Are you?
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animals. Some of their most esteemed inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner party of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics.
The carbonyl is polarized, The delta end is plus. The nucleophile will thus attack, The carbon nucleus. Addition makes an alcohol, Of types there are but three. It makes a bond, to correspond, From C to shining C.
The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.
"The chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain."
The challenge of space exploration and particularly of landing men on the moon represents the greatest challenge which has ever faced the human race. Even if there were no clear scientific or other arguments for proceeding with this task, the whole history of our civilization would still impel men toward the goal. In fact, the assembly of the scientific and military with these human arguments creates such an overwhelming case that in can be ignored only by those who are blind to the teachings of history, or who wish to suspend the development of civilization at its moment of greatest opportunity and drama.
The characteristic property of hallucinogens, to suspend the boundaries between the experiencing self and the outer world in an ecstatic, emotional experience, makes it possible with their help, and after suitable internal and external perparation...to evoke a mystical experience according to plan, so to speak... I see the true importance of LSD in the possibility of providing material aid to meditation aimed at the mystical experience of a deeper, comprehensive reality. Such a use accords entirely with the essence and working character of LSD as a sacred drug.
The chat program is in public domain. This is not the GNU public license. If it breaks then you get to keep both pieces.
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic.
The chief cause of problems is solutions.
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
The chief enemy of creativity is "good" sense
"(The Chief Programmer) personally defines the functional and performance specifications, designs the program, codes it, tests it, and writes its documentation... He needs great talent, ten years experience and considerable systems and applications knowledge, whether in applied mathematics, business data handling, or whatever."
The chieftain had been turned into a pumpkin although, in accordance with the rules of universal humour, he still had his hat on.
The choice of approaches could be made the responsibility of the programmer.
The church is near but the road is icy; the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
The City of Palo Alto, in its official description of parking lot standards, specifies the grade of wheelchair access ramps in terms of centimeters of rise per foot of run. A compromise, I imagine...
The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.
The class was learning about some revolt in which some peasants had wanted to stop being peasants and, since the nobles had won, had stopped being peasants *really quickly*.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
"The clergy successfully preached the doctrines of patience and pusillanimity; the active virtues of society were discouraged; and the last remains of a military spirit were buried in the cloister: a large portion of public and private wealth was consecrated to the specious demands of charity and devotion; and the soldiers' pay was lavished on the useless multitudes of both sexes who could only plead the merits of abstinence and chastity."
The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job application form.
The clothes have no emperor.
The coast was clear.
The code also assumes that it's difficult to misspell "a" or "b". :-)
The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his intellectual nakedness.
"The combination of a number of things to make existence worthwhile." "Yes, the philosophy of 'none,' meaning 'all.'"
The Commandments of the EE: (1) Beware of lightning that lurketh in an uncharged condenser lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a most embarrassing manner. (2) Cause thou the switch that supplieth large quantities of juice to be opened and thusly tagged, that thy days may be long in this earthly vale of tears. (3) Prove to thyself that all circuits that radiateth, and upon which the worketh, are grounded and thusly tagged lest they lift thee to a radio frequency potential and causeth thee to make like a radiator too. (4) Tarry thou not amongst these fools that engage in intentional shocks for they are not long for this world and are surely unbelievers.
The Commandments of the EE: (5) Take care that thou useth the proper method when thou takest the measures of high-voltage circuits too, that thou dost not incinerate both thee and thy test meter, for verily, though thou has no company property number and can be easily surveyed, the test meter has one and, as a consequence, bringeth much woe unto a purchasing agent. (6) Take care that thou tamperest not with interlocks and safety devices, for this incurreth the wrath of the chief electrician and bring the fury of the engineers on his head. (7) Work thou not on energized equipment for if thou doest so, thy friends will surely be buying beers for thy widow and consoling her in certain ways not generally acceptable to thee. (8) Verily, verily I say unto thee, never service equipment alone, for electrical cooking is a slow process and thou might sizzle in thy own fat upon a hot circuit for hours on end before thy maker sees fit to end thy misery and drag thee into his fold.
The Commandments of the EE: (9) Trifle thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou commence to glow in the dark like a lightning bug, and thy wife be frustrated and have not further use for thee except for thy wages. (10) Commit thou to memory all the words of the prophets which are written down in thy Bible which is the National Electrical Code, and giveth out with the straight dope and consoleth thee when thou hast suffered a ream job by the chief electrician. (11) When thou muckest about with a device in an unthinking and/or unknowing manner, thou shalt keep one hand in thy pocket. Better that thou shouldest keep both hands in thy pockets than experimentally determine the electrical potential of an innocent-seeming device.
The common cormorant, or shag, Lays eggs inside a paper bag; The reason, you will see, no doubt, Is to keep the lightning out. But what these unobservant birds Have failed to notice is that herds Of bears may come with buns And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.
The complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one. Hence, descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence.
The computer can't tell you the emotional story. It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and 50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into the 80's.
The computer is to the information industry roughly what the central power station is to the electrical industry.
"The Computer made me do it."
"The computer programmer is a creator of universes for which he alone is responsible. Universes of virtually unlimited complexity can be created in the form of computer programs."
The computer should be doing the hard work. That's what it's paid to do, after all.
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
The confusion of a staff member is measured by the length of his memos.
The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems and solutions we can imagine is very close. For this reason restricting language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best dangerous.
The consensus seemed to be that if really large numbers of men were sent to storm the mountain, then enough might survive the rocks to take the citadel. This is essentially the basis of all military thinking.
The Constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better than what we've got!
The Consultant's Curse: When the customer has beaten upon you long enough, give him what he asks for, instead of what he needs. This is very strong medicine, and is normally only required once.
The control of the production of wealth is the control of human life itself.
The cool thing about Vim is — you find something interesting with every typo.
The core is not frozen, but slushy.
The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is none of my business, but --" is to place a period after the word "but." Don't use excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period. Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about.
The cost of feathers has risen, even down is up!
The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.
The countdown had stalled at 'T' minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick, rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my career.
The course of true anything never does run smooth.
The courtroom was pregnant (pun intended) with anxious silence as the judge solemnly considered his verdict in the paternity suit before him. Suddenly, he reached into the folds of his robes, drew out a cigar and ceremoniously handed it to the defendant. "Congratulations!" declaimed the jurist. "You have just become a father!"
The covers of this book are too far apart.
The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
"The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language."
The Crown is full of it!
The curse of the Irish is not that they don't know the words to a song -- it's that they know them *all*.
The "cutting edge" is getting rather dull.
The Czechs announced after Sputnik that they, too, would launch a satellite. Of course, it would orbit Sputnik, not Earth!
THE DAILY PLANET SUPERMAN SAVES DESSERT! Plans to "Eat it later"
The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern. Every class is unfit to govern.
The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning, and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
> The day people think linux would be better served by somebody else (FSF > being the natural alternative), I'll "abdicate". I don't think that > it's something people have to worry about right now - I don't see it > happening in the near future. I enjoy doing linux, even though it does > mean some work, and I haven't gotten any complaints (some almost timid > reminders about a patch I have forgotten or ignored, but nothing > negative so far). > > Don't take the above to mean that I'll stop the day somebody complains: > I'm thick-skinned (Lasu, who is reading this over my shoulder commented > that "thick-HEADED is closer to the truth") enough to take some abuse. > If I weren't, I'd have stopped developing linux the day ast ridiculed me > on c.o.minix. What I mean is just that while linux has been my baby so > far, I don't want to stand in the way if people want to make something > better of it (*). > > Linus > > (*) Hey, maybe I could apply for a saint-hood from the Pope. Does > somebody know what his email-address is? I'm so nice it makes you puke.
The days are all empty and the nights are unreal.
The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of us who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.
The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter. But we may hope that the dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
The deafening silence taught me not to ask a bunch of geeks for advice from their girlfriends
The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?
The decision doesn't have to be logical; it was unanimous.
The default Magic Word, "Abracadabra", actually is a corruption of the Hebrew phrase "ha-Bracha dab'ra" which means "pronounce the blessing".
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
The degree of technical confidence is inversely proportional to the level of management.
The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists in the circulation of the blood.
The departing division general manager met a last time with his young successor and gave him three envelopes. "My predecessor did this for me, and I'll pass the tradition along to you," he said. "At the first sign of trouble, open the first envelope. Any further difficulties, open the second envelope. Then, if problems continue, open the third envelope. Good luck." The new manager returned to his office and tossed the envelopes into a drawer. Six months later, costs soared and earnings plummeted. Shaken, the young man opened the first envelope, which said, "Blame it all on me." The next day, he held a press conference and did just that. The crisis passed. Six months later, sales dropped precipitously. The beleaguered manager opened the second envelope. It said, "Reorganize." He held another press conference, announcing that the division would be restructured. The crisis passed. A year later, everything went wrong at once and the manager was blamed for all of it. The harried executive closed his office door, sank into his chair, and opened the third envelope. "Prepare three envelopes..." it said.
The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.
The devil finds work for idle glands.
The dictionary definition of capitalism is: An economic system characterized by private ownership of capital goods and by investments that are determined by private decision rather than by state control. Prices, production and distribution of goods are determined by a free market. … But most writers and commentators put dishonest altruistic-platonistic connotations on the meaning of capitalism: A system of exploitation of the weak by the strong -- devoid of love and good will. A system in which unwanted goods and services are pushed onto consumers through clever, deceptive advertising for the sole purpose of profits and greed. Capitalism dominates most Western governments. Capitalism, big business, and fascism are synonymous. Neo-Tech IV / The Neo-Tech Discovery.
The difference between a bad student and a good student is that a bad student forgets all the material five minutes before the exam, while a good student five minutes after it.
The difference between a career and a job is about 20 hours a week.
The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.
The difference between a lawyer and a rooster is that the rooster gets up in the morning and clucks defiance.
The difference between America and England is that the English think 100 miles is a long distance and the Americans think 100 years is a long time.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal.
The difference between a program and a script isn't as subtle as most people think. A script is interpreted, and a program is compiled. Of course, there's no reason you can't write a compiler that immediately executes the compiled form of a program without writing compilation artifacts to disk, but that's an implementation detail, and precision in technical matters is important. Though Perl 5, for example, doesn't write out the artifacts of compilation to disk and Java and .Net do, Perl 5 is clearly an interpreter even though it evaluates the compiled form of code in the same way that the JVM and the CLR do. Why? Because it's a scripting language. Okay, that's a facetious explanation. The difference between a program and a script is if there's native compilation available in at least one widely-used implementation. Thus Java before the prevalence of even the HotSpot JVM and its JIT was a scripting language and now it's a programming language, except that you can write a C interpreter that doesn't have a JIT and C programs become scripts.
The difference between art and science is that science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else.
The difference between common-sense and paranoia is that common-sense is thinking everyone is out to get you. That's normal -- they are. Paranoia is thinking that they're conspiring.
The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're called. Cats take a message and get back to you.
"The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits."
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
The difference between me and Neil in our attitude to movie projects is that he doesn't believe they're going to happen until he's sitting in his seat eating popcorn, and I don't believe they're going to happen.
The difference between reality and unreality is that reality has so little to recommend it.
The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
The difference between sentiment and being sentimental is the following: Sentiment is when a driver swerves out of the way to avoid hitting a rabbit on the road. Being sentimental is when the same driver, when swerving away from the rabbit hits a pedestrian.
The difference between theory and practice is that in theory, there is no difference between theory and practice, while in practice, there is.
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
The difference between this place and yogurt is that yogurt has a live culture.
The difference between us is not very far, cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.
The difference between waltzes and disco is mostly one of volume.
The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.
The dirty work at political conventions is almost always done in the grim hours between midnight and dawn. Hangmen and politicians work best when the human spirit is at its lowest ebb.
The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.
The disks are getting full; purge a file today.
The distinction between Freedom and Liberty is not accurately known; naturalists have been unable to find a living specimen of either.
The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates: "I'm Jewish. Count Basie's Jewish. Ray Charles is Jewish. Eddie Cantor's goyish. The B'nai Brith is goyish. The Hadassah is Jewish. Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous. "Kool-Aid is goyish. All Drake's Cakes are goyish. Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish. Instant potatoes -- goyish. Black cherry soda's very Jewish. Macaroons are very Jewish. Fruit salad is Jewish. Lime Jell-O is goyish. Lime soda is very goyish. Trailer parks are so goyish that Jews won't go near them ..."
The distinction between true and false appears to become increasingly blurred by... the pollution of the language.
The District of Columbia has a law forbidding you to exert pressure on a balloon and thereby cause a whistling sound on the streets.
The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity. Nowhere in the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines, and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
The doctrine of human equality reposes on this: that there is no man really clever who has not found that he is stupid.
The documentation is in Japanese. Good luck.
The door is the key.
The door was still ajar, but there was a tentative tap on it which said, in a kind of metaphorical morse code, that the tapper could see very well that Carrot was in his room with a scantily clad woman and was trying to knock without actually being heard.
The druid stiffened. "*Nice?*" he said. "A triumph of the silicon chunk, a miracle of modern masonic technology -- *nice*?" "Oh, yes," said Twoflower, to whom sarcasm was merely a seven letter word beginning with S.
The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water. Eager to show off this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next hunting trip. Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell, the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned it to his master. "Notice anything?" the owner asked eagerly. "Yes," said his friend, "I see that fool dog of yours can't swim."
The ducks in St James's Park are so used to being fed bread by secret agents meeting clandestinely that they have developed their own Pavlovian reaction. Put a St James's Park duck in a laboratory cage and show it a picture of two men -- one usually wearing a coat with a fur collar, the other something sombre with a scarf -- and it'll look up expectantly.
The duke had a mind that ticked like a clock and, like a clock, it regularly went cuckoo.
The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.
The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.
The early bird who catches the worm works for someone who comes in late and owns the worm farm.
The early worm gets the bird.
The early worm gets the late bird.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and add ten percent.
The easiest way to get the root password is to become system admin.
The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on weather forecasters.
The egg cream is psychologically the opposite of circumcision -- it *pleasurably* reaffirms your Jewishness.
"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not Compute' -- I forget which."
The Emperor had all the qualifications for a corpse except, as it were, the most vital one.
The Emperor's New Mall: The popular notion that shopping malls exist on the insides only and have no exterior. The suspension of visual disbelief engendered by this notion allows shoppers to pretend that the large, cement blocks thrust into their environment do not, in fact, exist. Culture"
The Encyclopaedia Galactica defines a robot as a mechanical apparatus designed to do the work of a man. The marketing division of Sirius Cybernetics Corporation defines a robot as 'Your Plastic Pal Who's Fun To Be With'. The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy defines the marketing division of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation as 'a bunch of mindless jerks who'll be the first against the wall when the revolution comes', with a footnote to effect that the editors would welcome applications from anyone interested in taking over the post of robotics correspondent. Curiously enough, an edition of the Encyclopaedia Galactica that had the good fortune to fall through a time warp from a thousand years in the future defined the marketing division of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation as 'a bunch of mindless jerks who were the first against the wall when the revolution came'.
The End
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
The end of labor is to gain leisure.
The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization.
The end of the world will occur at three p.m., this Friday, with symposium to follow.
The ends justify the means.
The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind of thing. Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine. the first time
The English country gentleman galloping after a fox -- the unspeakable in full pursuit of the uneatable.
The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach their children to speak it.
The English instinctively admire any man who has no talent and is modest about it.
The entire CHINESE WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL TEAM all share ONE personality -- and have since BIRTH!!
The entire universe has been neatly divided into things to (a) mate with, (b) eat, (c) run away from, and (d) rocks.
The Ephebians made wine out of anything they could put in a bucket, and ate anything that couldn't climb out of one.
The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is a substitute for intelligence.
The essential ideas of Algol 68 were that the whole language should be precisely defined and that all the pieces should fit together smoothly. The basic idea behind Pascal was that it didn't matter how vague the language specification was (it took *years* to clarify) or how many rough edges there were, as long as the CDC Pascal compiler was fast.
The evidence of the emotions, save in cases where it has strong objective support, is really no evidence at all, for every recognizable emotion has its opposite, and if one points one way then another points the other way. Thus the familiar argument that there is an instinctive desire for immortality, and that this desire proves it to be a fact, becomes puerile when it is recalled that there is also a powerful and widespread fear of annihilation, and that this fear, on the same principle proves that there is nothing beyond the grave. Such childish "proofs" are typically theological, and they remain theological even when they are adduced by men who like to flatter themselves by believing that they are scientific gents....
The evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man is and will always be a wild animal.
The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
The existence of god implies a violation of causality.
The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions is the most likely to be correct.
The eye is a menace to clear sight, the ear is a menace to subtle hearing, the mind is a menace to wisdom, every organ of the senses is a menace to its own capacity. ... Fuss, the god of the Southern Ocean, and Fret, the god of the Northern Ocean, happened once to meet in the realm of Chaos, the god of the center. Chaos treated them very handsomely and they discussed together what they could do to repay his kindness. They had noticed that, whereas everyone else had seven apertures, for sight, hearing, eating, breathing and so on, Chaos had none. So they decided to make the experiment of boring holes in him. Every day they bored a hole, and on the seventh day, Chaos died.
The eyes of taxes are upon you.
The eyes of Texas are upon you, All the livelong day; The eyes of Texas are upon you, You cannot get away; Do not think you can escape them From night 'til early in the morn; The eyes of Texas are upon you 'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
The F-15 Eagle: If it's up, we'll shoot it down. If it's down, we'll blow it up.
The face of war has never changed. Surely it is more logical to heal than to kill.
The fact that 47 PEOPLE are yelling and sweat is cascading down my SPINAL COLUMN is fairly enjoyable!!
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence that it is not utterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind, a widespread belief is more often likely to be foolish than sensible.
The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a remarkable Christian forbearance among men.
The fact that it works is immaterial.
The fact that people are poor or discriminated against doesn't necessarily endow them with any special qualities of justice, nobility, charity or compassion.
The FALAFEL SANDWICH lands on my HEAD and I become a VEGETARIAN ...
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
The fancy is indeed no other than a mode of memory emancipated from the order of space and time. -- Samuel Taylor Coleridge
The farther you go, the less you know.
The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms. That is to say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth, so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists so long as they are Tories.
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
The faster I go, the behinder I get.
The faster we go, the rounder we get.
The Fastest Defeat In Chess The big name for us in the world of chess is Gibaud, a French chess master. In Paris during 1924 he was beaten after only four moves by a Monsieur Lazard. Happily for posterity, the moves are recorded and so chess enthusiasts may reconstruct this magnificent collapse in the comfort of their own homes. Lazard was black and Gibaud white: 1: P-Q4, Kt-KB3 2: Kt-Q2, P-K4 3: PxP, Kt-Kt5 4: P-KR3, Kt-K6 White then resigns on realizing that a fifth move would involve either a Q-KR5 check or the loss of his queen.
The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a business trip, thought he would pay his boy a surprise visit. Arriving at the lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door. After several minutes of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window, "Whaddaya want?" "Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father. "Yeah," replied the voice. "Dump him on the front porch."
The feeling persists that no one can simultaneously be a respectable writer and understand how a refrigerator works, just as no gentleman wears a brown suit in the city. Colleges may be to blame. English majors are encouraged, I know, to hate chemistry and physics, and to be proud because they are not dull and creepy and humorless and war-oriented like the engineers across the quad. And our most impressive critics have commonly been such English majors, and they are squeamish about technology to this very day. So it is natural for them to despise science fiction.
The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke. "Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to you? They used to be with the Chicago Bears. The two dudes behind you made the U.S. Olympic wrestling team. And for your information, I used to play center at Notre Dame." "Forget it," the customer said. "I don't want to explain it five times."
The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES SPECIES: Cranial Males SUBSPECIES: The Hacker (homo computatis) Courtship & Mating: Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual state of sexual readiness. Courtship behavior alternates between awkward shyness and abrupt advances. When he finally mates, he chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes. Track: Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog. Comments: Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.
The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES SPECIES: Cranial Males SUBSPECIES: The Hacker (homo computatis) Description: Gangly and frail, the hacker has a high forehead and thinning hair. Head disproportionately large and crooked forward, complexion wan and sightly gray from CRT illumination. He has heavy black-rimmed glasses and a look of intense concentration, which may be due to a software problem or to a pork-and-bean breakfast. Feathering: HOMO COMPUTATIS saw a Brylcreem ad fifteen years ago and believed it. Consequently, crest is greased down, except for the cowlick. Song: A rather plaintive "Is it up?"
The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES SPECIES: Cranial Males SUBSPECIES: The Hacker (homo computatis) Plumage: All clothes have a slightly crumpled look as though they came off the top of the laundry basket. Style varies with status. Hacker managers wear gray polyester slacks, pink or pastel shirts with wide collars, and paisley ties; staff wears cinched-up baggy corduroy pants, white or blue shirts with button-down collars, and penholder in pocket. Both managers and staff wear running shoes to work, and a black plastic digital watch with calculator.
The Fifth Rule: You have taken yourself too seriously.
The figures looked more or less human. And they were engaged in religion. You could tell by the knives (it's not murder if you do it for a god).
The figures the telescope was producing were all that was left of an exploding star twenty million years ago. A billion small rubbery things on two planets who had been getting on with life in a quiet sort of way had been totally destroyed, but they were certainly helping Adrian get his Ph.D. and, who knows, they might have thought it all worthwhile if anyone had asked them.
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.
The first 90% of a project takes 90% of the time, the last 10% takes the other 90% of the time.
The first condition of immortality is death. -Stanislaw Lec
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the second half by our children.
The first is to ensure your partner understands that nature has root privileges - nature doesn't have to make sense.
The First Law of Thermodynamics: A system with a constant energy, volume and pressure behaves in any way it wants.
The first myth of management is that it exists. The second myth of management is that success equals skill.
The first requisite for immortality is death.
The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist "Jack."
The first rule of all intelligent tinkering is to keep all the parts.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
"The first rule of magic is simple. Don't waste your time waving your hands and hoping when a rock or a club will do."
The First Rule of Program Optimization: Don't do it. The Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only!): Don't do it yet.
The first sign of corruption in a society that is still alive is that the end justifies the means. political writer. "Why Freedom?" The last essays of George Bernanos (1955)
The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left.
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
The first time, it's a KLUDGE! The second, a trick. Later, it's a well-established technique!
The first version always gets thrown away.
The five rules of Socialism: (1) Don't think. (2) If you do think, don't speak. (3) If you think and speak, don't write. (4) If you think, speak and write, don't sign. (5) If you think, speak, write and sign, don't be surprised.
... the flaw that makes perfection perfect.
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
"The following is not for the weak of heart or Fundamentalists."
The following quote is from page 4-27 of the MSCP Basic Disk Functions Manual which is part of the UDA50 Programmers Doc Kit manuals: As stated above, the host area of a disk is structured as a vector of logical blocks. From a performance viewpoint, however, it is more appropriate to view the host area as a four dimensional hyper-cube, the four dimensions being cylinder, group, track, and sector. . . . Referring to our hyper-cube analogy, the set of potentially accessible blocks form a line parallel to the track axis. This line moves parallel to the sector axis, wrapping around when it reaches the edge of the hyper-cube.
: The following (relative to AutoSplit 1.03) attempts to please everyone : and perhaps pleases no one: I think that's way cool.
The following statement is not true. The previous statement is true.
The Following Subsume All Physical and Human Laws: (1) You can't push on a string. (2) Ain't no free lunches. (3) Them as has, gets. (4) You can't win them all, but you sure as hell can lose them all.
The following two statements are usually both true: There's not enough documentation. There's too much documentation.
The Force is what holds everything together. It has its dark side, and it has its light side. It's sort of like cosmic duct tape.
The [Ford Foundation] is a large body of money completely surrounded by people who want some.
The forest is safe because a lion lives therein and the lion is safe because it lives in a forest. Likewise the friendship of persons rests on mutual help.
======================================================================= || || || The FORTUNE-COOKIE program is soon to be a Major Motion Picture! || || Watch for it at a theater near you next summer! || || || ======================================================================= Francis Ford Coppola presents a George Lucas Production: "Fortune Cookie" Directed by Steven Spielberg. Starring Harrison Ford Bette Midler Marlon Brando Christopher Reeves Marilyn Chambers and Bob Hope as "The Waiter". Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin. Special Effects by Timothy Leary. Read the Warner paperback! Invoke the Unix program! Soundtrack on XTC Records. In 70mm and Dolby Stereo at selected theaters and terminal centers.
The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions and by a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.
The founding fathers tried to set up a judicial system where the accused received a fair trial, not a system to insure an acquittal on technicalities.
The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air due to levitation. Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur if the character does not have fire resistance.
"The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl."
[The French Riviera is] a sunny place for shady people.
The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit you until you multiply the number of your kids by thirty-two teeth.
The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend of both parties tactfully interferes.
The function of the expert is not to be more right than other people, but to be wrong for more sophisticated reasons.
"The fundamental principle of science, the definition almost, is this: the sole test of the validity of any idea is experiment."
"The fundamental purpose animating the Faith of God and His Religion is to safeguard the interests and promote the unity of the human race, and to foster the spirit of love and fellowship amongst men. Suffer it not to become a source of dissension and discord, of hate and enmity." "Religion is verily the chief instrument for the establishment of order in the world and of tranquillity amongst its peoples...The greater the decline of religion, the more grievous the waywardness of the ungodly. This cannot but lead in the end to chaos and confusion."
THE "FUN WITH USENET" MANIFESTO Very little happens on Usenet without some sort of response from some other reader. Fun With Usenet postings are no exception. Since there are some who might question the rationale of some of the excerpts included therein, I have written up a list of guidelines that sum up the philosophy behind these postings. One. I never cut out words in the middle of a quote without a VERY good reason, and I never cut them out without including ellipses. For instance, "I am not a goob" might become "I am ... a goob", but that's too mundane to bother with. "I'm flame proof" might (and has) become "I'm ...a... p...oof" but that's REALLY stretching it. Two. If I cut words off the beginning or end of a quote, I don't put ellipses, but neither do I capitalize something that wasn't capitalized before the cut. "I don't think that the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful place" would turn into "the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful place". Imagine the posting as a tape-recording of the poster's thoughts. If I can set up the quote via fast-forwarding and stopping the tape, and without splicing, I don't put ellipses in. And by the way, I love using this mechanism for turning things around. If you think something stinks, say so - don't say you don't think it's wonderful. ...
The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving after rational knowledge.
The future is a myth created by insurance salesmen and high school counselors.
The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
The future isn't what it used to be. (It never was.)
The future lies ahead.
The future not being born, my friend, we will abstain from baptizing it.
The game, anoraks.2.0.0.tgz, will be available from sunsite until somebody responsible notices it and deletes it, and shortly from ftp.mee.tcd.ie/pub/Brian, though they don't know that yet.
The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
The games have always strengthened us. Death becomes a familiar pattern. We don't fear it as you do. stardate 4041.2
The garden is in mourning; The rain falls cool among the flowers. Summer shivers quietly On its way towards its end. Golden leaf after leaf Falls from the tall acacia. Summer smiles, astonished, feeble, In this dying dream of a garden. For a long while, yet, in the roses, She will linger on, yearning for peace, And slowly Close her weary eyes.
"The geeks shall inherit the earth."
The General disliked trying to explain the highly technical inner workings of the U.S. Air Force. "$7,662 for a ten cup coffee maker, General?" the Senator asked. In his head he ran through his standard explanations. "It's not so," he thought. "It's a deterrent." Soon he came up with, "It's computerized, Senator. Tiny computer chips make coffee that's smooth and full-bodied. Try a cup." The Senator did. "Pfffttt! Tastes like jet fuel!" "It's not so," the General thought. "It's a deterrent." Then he remembered something. "We bought a lot of untested computer chips," the General answered. "They got into everything. Just a little mix-up. Nothing serious." Then he remembered something else. It was at the site of the mysterious B-1 crash. A strange smell in the fuel lines. It smelled like coffee. Smooth and full bodied...
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.
The geographical center of Boston is in Roxbury. Due north of the center we find the South End. This is not to be confused with South Boston which lies directly east from the South End. North of the South End is East Boston and southwest of East Boston is the North End.
The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled today.
The glances over cocktails That seemed to be so sweet Don't seem quite so amorous Over Shredded Wheat
"The glory of creation is in its infinite diversity." "And in the way our differences combine to create meaning and beauty." stardate 5630.8
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it.
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps. The goal of nature is to build better mice.
THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVELININTHENIGHTDUDE
The gods of the Disc have never bothered much about judging the souls of the dead, and so people only go to hell if that's where they believe, in their deepest heart, that they deserve to go. Which they won't do if they don't know about it. This explains why it is so important to shoot missionaries on sight.
The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it is your move.
The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences: He who has the gold makes the rules.
"The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies. The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of Hell."
The good die young -- because they see it's no use living if you've got to be good.
The good (I am convinced, for one) Is but the bad one leaves undone. Once your reputation's done You can live a life of fun.
The good life was so elusive It really got me down I had to regain some confidence So I got into camouflage
The good oxymoron, to define it by a self-illustration, must be a planned inadvertency. -Wilson Follett
The good thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from.
The good time is approaching, The season is at hand. When the merry click of the two-base lick Will be heard throughout the land. The frost still lingers on the earth, and Budless are the trees. But the merry ring of the voice of spring Is borne upon the breeze.
The Gordian Maxim: If a string has one end, it has another.
The government has just completed work on a missile that turned out to be a bit of a boondoggle; nicknamed "Civil Servant", it won't work and they can't fire it.
The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II. Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.
The goys have proven the following theorem... lecture.
The grand leap of the whale up the Fall of Niagara is esteemed, by all who have seen it, as one of the finest spectacles in nature.
The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.
The grave's a fine and private place, but none, I think, do there embrace.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog: The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in courtship, his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk clerks. Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods of time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog Eater.
"The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding."
The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers is to refuse to move an inch from where they stood.
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
The Greatest Mathematical Error The Mariner I space probe was launched from Cape Canaveral on 28 July 1962 towards Venus. After 13 minutes' flight a booster engine would give acceleration up to 25,820 mph; after 44 minutes 9,800 solar cells would unfold; after 80 days a computer would calculate the final course corrections and after 100 days the craft would circle the unknown planet, scanning the mysterious cloud in which it is bathed. However, with an efficiency that is truly heartening, Mariner I plunged into the Atlantic Ocean only four minutes after takeoff. Inquiries later revealed that a minus sign had been omitted from the instructions fed into the computer. "It was human error", a launch spokesman said. This minus sign cost L4,280,000.
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
The greatest threat to authors and creative artists is not piracy — it’s obscurity.
"The greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace."
The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
The Great Movie Posters: *A Giggle Gurgling Gulp of Glee* With Pretty Girls, Peppy Scenes, and Gorgeous Revues -- plus a good story. Whoopie! Let's go!... Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks! GET IN THE KNOW FOR THE HEY-HEY WHOOPIE! YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE! DIX -- the dashing soldier! DIX -- the bold adventurer! DIX -- the throbbing lover! SEE CHARLES BUTTERWORTH DRIVE A STREETCAR AND SING LOVE SONGS TO HIS MARE "MITZIE"!
The Great Movie Posters: A mis-spawned murderous abomination from the nether reaches of an unimaginable hell. NEW -- SICKENING HORROR to make your STOMACH TURN and FLESH CRAWL! LUST-MAD MEN AND LAWLESS WOMEN IN A VICIOUS AND SENSUOUS ORGY OF SLAUGHTER! The family that slays together stays together.
The Great Movie Posters: An AVALANCHE of KILLER WORMS! Most Movies Live Less Than Two Hours. This Is One of Everlasting Torment! WE ARE GOING TO EAT YOU! It's not human and it's got an axe.
The Great Movie Posters: Different! Daring! Dynamic! Defying! Dumbfounding! SEE Uncle Tom lead the Negroes to FREEDOM! ... Now, all the SENSUAL and VIOLENT passions Roots couldn't show on TV! An appalling amalgam of carnage and carnality! WHEN THE CATS ARE HUNGRY... RUN FOR YOUR LIVES! Alone, only a harmless pet... One Thousand Strong, They Become a Man-Eating Machine! They're Over-Exposed But Not Under-Developed!
The Great Movie Posters: HOODLUMS FROM ANOTHER WORLD ON A RAY-GUN RAMPAGE! Which will be Her Mate... MAN OR BEAST? Meet Velda -- the Kind of Woman -- Man or Gorilla would kill... to Keep. NOW AN ALL-MIGHTY ALL-NEW MOTION PICTURE BRINGS THEM TOGETHER FOR THE FIRST TIME... HISTORY'S MOST GIGANTIC MONSTERS IN COMBAT ATOP MOUNT FUJI!
The Great Movie Posters: HOT STEEL BETWEEN THEIR LEGS! The Hand that Rocks the Cradle... Has no Flesh on It! TWO GREAT BLOOD HORRORS TO RIP OUT YOUR GUTS! They Went In People and Came Out Hamburger!
The Great Movie Posters: KATHERINE HEPBURN as the lying, stealing, singing, preying witch girl of the Ozarks... "Low down white trash"? Maybe so -- but let her hear you say it and she'll break your head to prove herself a lady! Do Native Women Live With Apes? JUNGLE KISS!! When she looked into his eyes, felt his arms around her -- she was no longer Tura, mysterious white goddess of the jungle tribes -- she was no longer the frozen-hearted high priestess under whose hypnotic spell the worshippers of the great crocodile god meekly bowed -- she was a girl in love! SEE the ravening charge of the hundred scared CROCODILES! LOVE! HATE! JOY! FEAR! TORMENT! PANIC! SHAME! RAGE!
The Great Movie Posters: POWERFUL! SHOCKING! RAW! ROUGH! CHALLENGING! SEE A LITTLE GIRL MOLESTED! She Sins in Mobile -- Marries in Houston -- Loses Her Baby in Dallas -- Leaves Her Husband in Tuscon -- MEETS HARRU IN SAN DIEGO!... FIRST -- HARLOW! THEN -- MONROE! NOW -- McCLANAHAN!!! *NOT FOR SISSIES! DON'T COME IF YOU'RE CHICKEN! A Horrifying Movie of Weird Beauties and Shocking Monsters... 1001 WEIRDEST SCENES EVER!! MOST SHOCKING THRILLER OF THE CENTURY! The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed Up Zombies)
The Great Movie Posters: SCENES THAT WILL STAGGER YOUR SIGHT! SEE the burning of a virgin! SEE power of witch doctor over women! SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!!! The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex! AN ASTRONAUT WENT UP- A "GUESS WHAT" CAME DOWN! The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to give you the wim-wams!
The Great Movie Posters: SEE rebel guerrillas torn apart by trucks! SEE corpses cut to pieces and fed to dogs and vultures! SEE the monkey trained to perform nursing duties for her paralyzed owner! What a Guy! What a Gal! What a Pair! It's always better when you come again! You Don't Have to Go to Texas for a Chainsaw Massacre!
The Great Movie Posters: She's got the biggest six-shooters in the West! CAST OF 3,000! 4 WRITERS, 2 DIRECTORS, 3 CAMERAMEN, 3 PRODUCERS! 1 YEAR TO MAKE THIS FILM -- 24 YEARS TO REHEARSE -- 20 YEARS TO DISTRIBUTE! BEAUTIFUL BEYOND WORDS! AWE-INSPIRING! VITAL! THE PRINCE OF PEACE PROVIDES THE ANSWER TO EVERY PROBLEM! Be Brave--bring your troubles and your family to: HISTORY'S MOST SUBLIME EVENT! YOU'LL FIND GOD RIGHT IN THERE! Wichita Mountain Pageant featuring Millard Coody as Jesus.
The Great Movie Posters: SHE TOOK ON A WHOLE GANG! A howling hellcat humping a hot steel hog on a roaring rampage of revenge! WHAT'S THE SECRET INGREDIENT USED BY THE MAD BUTCHER FOR HIS SUPERB SAUSAGES? TODAY the Pond! TOMORROW the World!
The Great Movie Posters: The Miracle of the Age!!! A LION in your lap! A LOVER in your arms! OVERWHELMING! ELECTRIFYING! BAFFLING! Fire Can't Burn Them! Bullets Can't Kill Them! See the Unfolding of the Mysteries of the Moon as Murderous Robot Monsters Descend Upon the Earth! You've Never Seen Anything Like It! Neither Has the World! SEE... Robots from Space in All Their Glory!!! 1,965 pyramids, 5,337 dancing girls, one million swaying bullrushes, 802 scared bulls!
The Great Movie Posters: The nightmare terror of the slithering eye that unleashed agonizing horror on a screaming world! SEE a female colossus... her mountainous torso, skyscraper limbs, giant desires! Here Is Your Chance To Know More About Sex. What Should a Movie Do? Hide Its Head in the Sand Like an Ostrich? Or Face the JOLTING TRUTH as does...
The Great Movie Posters: They hungered for her treasure! And died for her pleasure! SEE Man-Fish Battle Shark-Man-Killer! See Jane Russell in 3-D; She'll Knock Both Your Eyes Out! See Jane Russell Shake Her Tamborines... and Drive Cornel WILDE!
The Great Movie Posters: When You're Six Tons -- And They Call You Killer -- It's Hard To Make Friends... Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels! A GHASTLY TALE DRENCHED WITH GOUTS OF BLOOD SPURTING FROM THE VICTIMS OF A CRAZED MADMAN'S LUST.
"The great question... which I have not been able to answer... is, `What does woman want?'"
The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight. At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have answered themselves.
The groundhog is like most other prophets; it delivers its message and then disappears.
The Gurus of Unix Meeting of Minds (GUMM) takes place Wednesday, April 1, 2076 (check THAT in your perpetual calendar program), 14 feet above the ground directly in front of the Milpitas Gumps. Members will grep each other by the hand (after intro), yacc a lot, smoke filtered chroots in pipes, chown with forks, use the wc (unless uuclean), fseek nice zombie processes, strip, and sleep, but not, we hope, od. Three days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo. Two seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user- friendly features of Unix. Seminars include "Everything You Know is Wrong", led by Tom Kempson, "Batman or Cat:man?" led by Richie Dennis "cc C? Si! Si!" led by Kerwin Bernighan, and "Document Unix, Are You Kidding?" led by Jan Yeats. No Reader Service No. is necessary because all GUGUs (Gurus of Unix Group of Users) already know everything we could tell them.
The Guy on the Right Doesn't Stand a Chance The guy on the right has the Osborne 1, a fully functional computer system in a portable package the size of a briefcase. The guy on the left has an Uzi submachine gun concealed in his attache case. Also in the case are four fully loaded, 32-round clips of 125-grain 9mm ammunition. The owner of the Uzi is going to get more tactical firepower delivered -- and delivered on target -- in less time, and with less effort. All for $795. It's inevitable. If you're going up against some guy with an Osborne 1 -- or any personal computer -- he's the one who's in trouble. One round from an Uzi can zip through ten inches of solid pine wood, so you can imagine what it will do to structural foam acrylic and sheet aluminum. In fact, detachable magazines for the Uzi are available in 25-, 32-, and 40-round capacities, so you can take out an entire office full of Apple II or IBM Personal Computers tied into Ethernet or other local-area networks. What about the new 16-bit computers, like the Lisa and Fortune? Even with the Winchester backup, they're no match for the Uzi. One quick burst and they'll find out what Unix means. Make your commanding officer proud. Get an Uzi -- and come home a winner in the fight for office automatic weapons.
"The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray."
The hardest part of climbing the ladder of success is getting through the crowd at the bottom.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.
The Harvard Law states: Under controlled conditions of light, temperature, humidity, and nutrition, the organism will do as it damn well pleases.
The hater of property and of government takes care to have his warranty deed recorded, and the book written against fame and learning has the author's name on the title page.
The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
The heart is not a logical organ.
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
... the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.
The Heineken Uncertainty Principle: You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.
The help people need most urgently is help in admitting that they need help.
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet, challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that keeps the blood at heat. Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb of innocence. To yield to its blandishments is so easy. The wrong, it seems, is venial... Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of adventurous youth.
: The hierarchy is excessive. So is the anarchy. :-)
The hieroglyphics are all unreadable except for a notation on the back, which reads "Genuine authentic Egyptian papyrus. Guaranteed to be at least 5000 years old."
... the HIGHWAY is made out of LIME JELLO and my HONDA is a barbequeued OYSTER! Yum!
The hippo of recollection stirred in the muddy waters of the mind.
"The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry and Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why and Where phases. "For instance, the first phase is characterized by the question 'How can we eat?' the second by the question 'Why do we eat?' and the third by the question 'Where shall we have lunch?'"
The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry, and Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases. For instance, the first phase is characterized by the question "How can we eat?" the second by "Why do we eat?" and the third by "Where shall we have lunch?".
The history of the rise of Christianity has everything to do with politics, culture, and human frailties and nothing to do with supernatural manipulation of events. Had divine intervention been the guiding force, surely two millennia after the birth of Jesus he would not have a world where there are more Muslims than Catholics, more Hindus than Protestants, and more nontheists than Catholics and Protestants combined.
The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy. Thus: Retribution: I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother. Anticipation: I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother. Diplomacy: I'm going to kill my brother and then kill you on the pretext that your brother did it.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on the subject of towels. Most importantly, a towel has immense psychological value. For some reason, if a non-hitchhiker discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a toothbrush, washcloth, flask, gnat spray, space suit, etc., etc. Furthermore, the non-hitchhiker will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or a dozen other items that he may have "lost". After all, any man who can hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy, struggle against terrible odds, win through and still know where his towel is, is clearly a man to be reckoned with.
The Hollywood tradition I like best is called "sucking up to the stars."
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
The hope that springs eternal Springs right up your behind.
The horizon of many people is a circle with a radius of zero. They call this their point of view.
The horror... the horror!
"The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who, in times of moral crisis, preserved their neutrality."
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best".
The human brain is a wonderful thing. It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
"The human brain is like an enormous fish -- it is flat and slimy and has gills through which it can see."
The human instinct to censor thrives, as it always will, living in irrepressible conflict with the human instinct to speak. Outrage, self-righteousness, and paranoia feed the maw of censorship. Squelching speech, however, never reduces society's net paranoia quotient; it simply redirects it, drives it underground, where it festers into more dangerous hysterias. In the words of Justice Brandeis, "Men feared witches and burned women."
The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its capacity
The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange protein -- it rejects it.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
The human race is a race of cowards; and I am not only marching in that procession but carrying a banner.
The human race never solves any of its problems. It merely outlives them.
The IBM 2250 is impressive ... if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.
The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
The idea is to die young as late as possible.
The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance, no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
The idea of male and female are universal constants.
The idea of man leaving this earth and flying to another celestial body and landing there and stepping out and walking over that body has a fascination and a driving force that can get the country to a level of energy, ambition, and will that I do not see in any other undertaking. I think if we are honest with ourselves, we must admit that we needed that impetus extremely strongly. I sincerely believe that the space program, with its manned landing on the moon, if wisely executed, will become the spearhead for a broad front of courageous and energetic activities in all the fields of endeavour of the human mind - activities which could not be carried out except in a mental climate of ambition and confidence which such a spearhead can give. Flight"
The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is generally understood. Indeed, the world is ruled by little else.
The idea that an arbitrary naive human should be able to properly use a given tool without training or understanding is even more wrong for computing than it is for other tools (e.g. automobiles, airplanes, guns, power saws).
The idea there was that consumers would bring their broken electronic devices, such as television sets and VCR's, to the destruction centers, where trained personnel would whack them (the devices) with sledgehammers. With their devices thus permanently destroyed, consumers would then be free to go out and buy new devices, rather than have to fritter away years of their lives trying to have the old ones repaired at so-called "factory service centers," which in fact consist of two men named Lester poking at the insides of broken electronic devices with cheap cigars and going, "Lookit all them WIRES in there!"
"The identical is equal to itself, since it is different."
The idle man does not know what it is to enjoy rest.
The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
The Illiterati Programus Canto 1: A program is a lot like a nose: Sometimes it runs, and sometimes it blows.
The important thing about adventures, thought Mr Bunnsy, was that they shouldn't be so long as to make you miss mealtimes.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.
The inability to benefit from feedback appears to be the primary cause of pseudoscience. Pseudoscientists retain their beliefs and ignore or distort contradictory evidence rather than modify or reject a flawed theory. Because of their strong biases, they seem to lack the self-correcting mechanisms scientists must employ in their work.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site.
The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf has. Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know when it's through if you are a crook or a martyr.
...the increased productivity fostered by a friendly environment and quality tools is essential to meet ever increasing demands for software.
The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly important thing to people.
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
The instruments of science do not in themselves discover truth. And there are searchings that are not concluded by the coincidence of a pointer and a mark.
The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the number of participants.
The intelligence of that creature known as a crowd is the square root of the number of people in it.
The introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling the whole state, for styles of music are never disturbed without affecting the most important political institutions. ... The new style, gradually gaining a lodgement, quitely insinuates itself into manners and customs, and from it ... goes on to attack laws and constitutions, displaying the utmost impudence, until it ends by overturning everything.
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided by the number of people in the group.
Their idea of an offer you can't refuse is an offer... and you'd better not refuse.
The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a dynamite tax tip is that you should print neatly. If you ask them a real tax question, such as how you can cheat, they're useless. So, for guidance, you want to look to big business. Big business never pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes...
"The jig's up, Elman." "Which jig?"
The joys of love made her human and the agonies of love destroyed her.
The judge fined the jaywalker fifty dollars and told him if he was caught again, he would be thrown in jail. Fine today, cooler tomorrow.
The Junior God now heads the roll In the list of heaven's peers; He sits in the House of High Control, And he regulates the spheres. Yet does he wonder, do you suppose, If, even in gods divine, The best and wisest may not be those Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
The justifications for drug testing are part of the presently fashionable debate concerning restoring America's "competitiveness." Drugs, it has been revealed, are responsible for rampant absenteeism, reduced output, and poor quality work. But is drug testing in fact rationally related to the resurrection of competitiveness? Will charging the atmosphere of the workplace with the fear of excretory betrayal honestly spur productivity? Much noise has been made about rehabilitating the worker using drugs, but to date the vast majority of programs end with the simple firing or the not hiring of the abuser. This practice may exacerbate, not alleviate, the nation's productivity problem. If economic rehabilitation is the ultimate goal of drug testing, then criteria abandoning the rehabilitation of the drug-using worker is the purest of hypocrisy and the worst of rationalization. Fourth Amendment and Drug Testing in the Workplace," Tim Moore, Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy, vol. 10, No. 3 (Summer 1987), pp. 762-768.
The Kappamaki, a whaling research ship, was currently researching the question: How many whales can you catch in one week?
The Kennedy Constant: Don't get mad -- get even.
The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut. To reveal an artist to the people can be to destroy him. It isn't to anyone's advantage to see the truth.
The key to making programs fast is to make them do practically nothing.
The Killer Ducks are coming!!!
The kind of danger people most enjoy is the kind they can watch from a safe place.
The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field: King: "How goes the battle plan?" Advisor: "See those little black specks running to the right?" K: "Yes." A: "Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till the dust clears." K: "And?" A: "If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win." K: "But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?" A: "So far, it seems to be going according to specks."
The knowledge that makes us cherish innocence makes innocence unattainable.
"The knuckles! The horrible knuckles!"
The Korean War must have been fun.
The Kosher Dill was invented in 1723 by Joe Kosher and Sam Dill. It is the single most popular pickle variety today, enjoyed throughout the free world by man, woman and child alike. An astounding 350 billion kosher dills are eaten each year, averaging out to almost 1/4 pickle per person per day. New York Times food critic Mimi Sheraton says "The kosher dill really changed my life. I used to enjoy eating McDonald's hamburgers and drinking Iron City Lite, and then I encountered the kosher dill pickle. I realized that there was far more to haute cuisine then I'd ever imagined. And now, just look at me."
The kraken stirs. And ten billion sushi dinners cry out for vengeance.
The labyrinth of Ephebe is ancient and full of one hundred and one amazing things you can do with hidden springs, razor-sharp knives, and falling rocks.
The ladies men admire, I've heard, Would shudder at a wicked word. Their candle gives a single light; They'd rather stay at home at night. They do not keep awake till three, Nor read erotic poetry. They never sanction the impure, Nor recognize an overture. They shrink from powders and from paints... So far, I've had no complaints.
The language provides a programmer with a set of conceptual tools; if these are inadequate for the task, they will simply be ignored. For example, seriously restricting the concept of a pointer simply forces the programmer to use a vector plus integer arithmetic to implement structures, pointer, etc. Good design and the absence of errors cannot be guaranteed by mere language features.
The last person that quit or was fired will be held responsible for everything that goes wrong -- until the next person quits or is fired.
The last person who said that (God rest his soul) lived to regret it.
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own hand.
The last time somebody said, "I find I can write much better with a word processor.", I replied, "They used to say the same thing about drugs."
The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
The late rebellion in Massachusetts has given more alarm than I think it should have done. Calculate that one rebellion in 13 states in the course of 11 years, is but one for each state in a century and a half. No country should be so long without one.
"The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance. He of all men should behave as though the law compelled him. But it is the universal weakness of mankind that what we are given to administer we presently imagine we own."
The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance. He of all men should behave as though the law compelled him. But it is the universal weakness of mankind that what we are given to administer we presently imagine we own.
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
The Law of the Letter: The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.
The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
The Least Perceptive Literary Critic The most important critic in our field of study is Lord Halifax. A most individual judge of poetry, he once invited Alexander Pope round to give a public reading of his latest poem. Pope, the leading poet of his day, was greatly surprised when Lord Halifax stopped him four or five times and said, "I beg your pardon, Mr. Pope, but there is something in that passage that does not quite please me." Pope was rendered speechless, as this fine critic suggested sizeable and unwise emendations to his latest masterpiece. "Be so good as to mark the place and consider at your leisure. I'm sure you can give it a better turn." After the reading, a good friend of Lord Halifax, a certain Dr. Garth, took the stunned Pope to one side. "There is no need to touch the lines," he said. "All you need do is leave them just as they are, call on Lord Halifax two or three months hence, thank him for his kind observation on those passages, and then read them to him as altered. I have known him much longer than you have, and will be answerable for the event." Pope took his advice, called on Lord Halifax and read the poem exactly as it was before. His unique critical faculties had lost none of their edge. "Ay", he commented, "now they are perfectly right. Nothing can be better."
The Least Successful Collector Betsy Baker played a central role in the history of collecting. She was employed as a servant in the house of John Warburton (1682-1759) who had amassed a fine collection of 58 first edition plays, including most of the works of Shakespeare. One day Warburton returned home to find 55 of them charred beyond legibility. Betsy had either burned them or used them as pie bottoms. The remaining three folios are now in the British Museum. The only comparable literary figure was the maid who in 1835 burned the manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle's "The History of the French Revolution", thinking it was wastepaper.
The Least Successful Defrosting Device The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it. "I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock. Somehow my lips got stuck fast." While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he was all right. "Alra? Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away. "I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of... muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer. He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until constant hot breathing brought freedom. He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot Lips".
The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality legislation. The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay enforcement officer. The advertisement offered different salary scales for men and women.
The Least Successful Executions History has furnished us with two executioners worthy of attention. The first performed in Sydney in Australia. In 1803 three attempts were made to hang a Mr. Joseph Samuels. On the first two of these the rope snapped, while on the third Mr. Samuels just hung there peacefully until he and everyone else got bored. Since he had proved unsusceptible to capital punishment, he was reprieved. The most important British executioner was Mr. James Berry who tried three times in 1885 to hang Mr. John Lee at Exeter Jail, but on each occasion failed to get the trap door open. In recognition of this achievement, the Home Secretary commuted Lee's sentence to "life" imprisonment. He was released in 1917, emigrated to America and lived until 1933.
The Least Successful Police Dogs America has a very strong candidate in "La Dur", a fearsome looking schnauzer hound, who was retired from the Orlando police force in Florida in 1978. He consistently refused to do anything which might ruffle or offend the criminal classes. His handling officer, Rick Grim, had to admit: "He just won't go up and bite them. I got sick and tired of doing that dog's work for him." The British contenders in this category, however, took things a stage further. "Laddie" and "Boy" were trained as detector dogs for drug raids. Their employment was terminated following a raid in the Midlands in 1967. While the investigating officer questioned two suspects, they patted and stroked the dogs who eventually fell asleep in front of the fire. When the officer moved to arrest the suspects, one dog growled at him while the other leapt up and bit his thigh.
The leaves were long, the grass was green, The hemlock-umbels tall and fair, And in the glade a light was seen Of stars in shadow shimmering. Tinuviel was dancing there To music of a pipe unseen, And light of stars was in her hair, And in her raiment glimmering. There Beren came from mountains colds, And lost he wandered under leaves, And where the Elven-river rolled He walked alone and sorrowing. He peered between the hemlock-leaves And saw in wonder flowers of gold Upon her mantle and her sleeves, And her hair like shadow following. Enchantment healed his weary feet That over hills were doomed to roam; And forth he hastened, strong and fleet, And grasped at moonbeams glistening. Through woven woods in Elvenhome She lightly fled on dancing feet, And left him lonely still to roam In the silent forest listening.
The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #10: SIMPLE SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming Language Environment. This language, developed at the Hanover College for Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write code with errors in it. The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN, END and STOP. No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make a syntax error. Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful. Thus they achieve the results of programs written in other languages without the tedious, frustrating process of testing and debugging.
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #12: LITHP This otherwise unremarkable language is distinguished by the absence of an "S" in its character set; users must substitute "TH". LITHP is said to be useful in protheththing lithtth.
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #13: SLOBOL SLOBOL is best known for the speed, or lack of it, of its compiler. Although many compilers allow you to take a coffee break while they compile, SLOBOL compilers allow you to travel to Bolivia to pick the coffee. Forty-three programmers are known to have died of boredom sitting at their terminals while waiting for a SLOBOL program to compile. Weary SLOBOL programmers often turn to a related (but infinitely faster) language, COCAINE.
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #14 -- VALGOL VALGOL is enjoying a dramatic surge of popularity across the industry. VALGOL commands include REALLY, LIKE, WELL, and Y*KNOW. Variables are assigned with the =LIKE and =TOTALLY operators. Other operators include the "California booleans", AX and NOWAY. Loops are accomplished with the FOR SURE construct. A simple example: LIKE, Y*KNOW(I MEAN)START IF PIZZA =LIKE BITCHEN AND GUY =LIKE TUBULAR AND VALLEY GIRL =LIKE GRODY**MAX(FERSURE)**2 THEN FOR I =LIKE 1 TO OH*MAYBE 100 DO*WAH - (DITTY**2); BARF(I)=TOTALLY GROSS(OUT) SURE LIKE, BAG THIS PROGRAM; REALLY; LIKE TOTALLY(Y*KNOW); IM*SURE GOTO THE MALL VALGOL is also characterized by its unfriendly error messages. For example, when the user makes a syntax error, the interpreter displays the message GAG ME WITH A SPOON! A successful compile may be termed MAXIMALLY AWESOME!
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #15 -- DOGO Developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Obedience Training, DOGO heralds a new era of computer-literate pets. DOGO commands include SIT, STAY, HEEL, and ROLL OVER. An innovative feature of DOGO is "puppy graphics", a small cocker spaniel that occasionally leaves a deposit as it travels across the screen.
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #16: C- This language was named for the grade received by its creator when he submitted it as a class project in a graduate programming class. C- is best described as a "low-level" programming language. In fact, the language generally requires more C- statements than machine-code statements to execute a given task. In this respect, it is very similar to COBOL.
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17: SARTRE Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely unstructured language. Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are. Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions. SARTRE programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18: FIFTH FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types refer to quantity. The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and JIGGER to FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO. Commands refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY, CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH, VODKA, SCOTCH, and WHATEVERSAROUND. The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and financial status of its users. Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH and RIPPLE. The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers who end up using this language.
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #2: RENE Named after the famous French philosopher and mathematician Rene DesCartes, RENE is a language used for artificial intelligence. The language is being developed at the Chicago Center of Machine Politics and Programming under a grant from the Jane Byrne Victory Fund. A spokesman described the language as "Just as great as dis [sic] city of ours." The center is very pleased with progress to date. They say they have almost succeeded in getting a VAX to think. However, sources inside the organization say that each time the machine fails to think it ceases to exist.
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #8: LAIDBACK This language was developed at the Marin County Center for T'ai Chi, Mellowness and Computer Programming (now defunct), as an alternative to the more intense atmosphere in nearby Silicon Valley. The center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs while they worked. Unfortunately few programmers could survive there because the center outlawed Pizza and Coca-Cola in favor of Tofu and Perrier. Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a gentle and non-threatening language since all error messages are in lower case. For example, LAIDBACK responded to syntax errors with the message: "i hate to bother you, but i just can't relate to that. can you find the time to try it again?"
"The lesser of two evils -- is evil."
The less time planning, the more time programming.
The less you know about computers the more you want Microsoft! (Proof that Microsoft's advertising _isn't_ dishonest!)
The Librarian had seen many weird things in his time, but that had to be the 57th strangest. [footnote: he had a tidy mind]
The Librarian looked out at the jolting scenery. He was sulking. This had a lot to do with the new bright collar around his neck with the word "PONGO" on it. Someone was going to suffer for this. (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
The Librarian of Unseen University had unilaterally decided to aid comprehension by producing an Orang-utan/Human Dictionary. He'd been working on it for three months. It wasn't easy. He'd got as far as "Oook".
The librarian was, ex officio, a member of the college council. No-one had been able to find any rule about orang-utans being barred, although they had surreptiously looked very hard for one. (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
The life of a repo man is always intense.
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
The lights are on, but you're not home; Your will is not your own; Your heart sweats, Your teeth grind; Another kiss and you'll be mine... You like to think that you're immune to the stuff (Oh Yeah!) It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough; You know you're gonna have to face it, You're addicted to love!"
The linuX Files -- The Source is Out There.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
The little pieces of my life I give to you, with love, to make a quilt to keep away the cold.
The little town that time forgot, Where all the women are strong, The men are good-looking, And the children above-average.
The `loner' may be respected, but he is always resented by his colleagues, for he seems to be passing a critical judgment on them, when he may be simply making a limiting statement about himself.
The longer the title, the less important the job.
The longest part of the journey is said to be the passing of the gate.
The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in a position of negative need. He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area. He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous liquid. He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup. He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal prestige of His identity. It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make ambulatory progress through the umbragious inter-hill mortality slot, terror sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena. Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me into a pleasurific mood state. You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure in the context of non-cooperative elements. You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract. My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis. It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended time basis.
"The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as we could with both of them."
The Lord prefers common-looking people. That is the reason that He makes so many of them.
The lorry blocked the road. And the corrugated iron blocked the road. And a thirty-foot-high pile of fish blocked the road. It was one of the most effectively blocked roads the sergeant had ever seen.
The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my steel through your last meal!'
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet, Are of imagination all compact...
The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.
The magician is seated in his high chair and looks upon the world with favor. He is at the height of his powers. If he closes his eyes, he causes the world to disappear. If he opens his eyes, he causes the world to come back. If there is harmony within him, the world is harmonious. If rage shatters his inner harmony, the unity of the world is shattered. If desire arises within him, he utters the magic syllables that causes the desired object to appear. His wishes, his thoughts, his gestures, his noises command the universe.
The Magician of the Ivory Tower brought his latest invention for the master programmer to examine. The magician wheeled a large black box into the master's office while the master waited in silence. "This is an integrated, distributed, general-purpose workstation," began the magician, "ergonomically designed with a proprietary operating system, sixth generation languages, and multiple state of the art user interfaces. It took my assistants several hundred man years to construct. Is it not amazing?" The master raised his eyebrows slightly. "It is indeed amazing," he said. "Corporate Headquarters has commanded," continued the magician, "that everyone use this workstation as a platform for new programs. Do you agree to this?" "Certainly," replied the master, "I will have it transported to the data center immediately!" And the magician returned to his tower, well pleased. Several days later, a novice wandered into the office of the master programmer and said, "I cannot find the listing for my new program. Do you know where it might be?" "Yes," replied the master, "the listings are stacked on the platform in the data center."
The magic of our first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
The main problem I have with cats is, they're not dogs.
The main thing is the play itself. I swear that greed for money has nothing to do with it, although heaven knows I am sorely in need of money.
The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the societies in which they occur.
The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the bonds will eventually mature.
"The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time. The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency."
The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time. The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency.
The major sin is the sin of being born.
The makers may make and the users may use, but the fixers must fix with but minimal clues
The man gave a shrug which indicated that, although the world did indeed have many problems, this was one of them that was not his.
The man on tops walks a lonely street; the "chain" of command is often a noose.
The man scarce lives who is not more credulous than he ought to be.... The natural disposition is always to believe. It is acquired wisdom and experience only that teach incredulity, and they very seldom teach it enough.
The man she had was kind and clean And well enough for every day, But oh, dear friends, you should have seen The one that got away.
The Man Who Almost Invented The Vacuum Cleaner The man officially credited with inventing the vacuum cleaner is Hubert Cecil Booth. However, he got the idea from a man who almost invented it. In 1901 Booth visited a London music-hall. On the bill was an American inventor with his wonder machine for removing dust from carpets. The machine comprised a box about one foot square with a bag on top. After watching the act -- which made everyone in the front six rows sneeze "It should suck not blow," said Booth, coming straight to the point. "Suck?", exclaimed the enraged inventor. "Your machine just moves the dust around the room," Booth informed him. "Suck? Suck? Sucking is not possible," was the inventor's reply and he stormed out. Booth proved that it was by the simple expedient of kneeling down, pursing his lips and sucking the back of an armchair. "I almost choked," he said afterwards.
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd. The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.
The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
The man who runs may fight again.
The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant is forever blessed.
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
The man with the best job in the country is the Vice President. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, "How's the President?" The vice-presidency ain't worth a pitcher of warm spit.
The Marines: The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.
The Marines: The few, the proud, the not very bright.
The mark of a good party is that you wake up the next morning wanting to change your name and start a new life in different city.
"The mark of an immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one."
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!
The Martian landed his saucer in Manhattan, and immediately upon emerging was approached by a panhandler. "Mister," said the man, "can I have a quarter?" The Martian asked, "What's a quarter?" The panhandler thought a minute, brightened, then said, "You're right! Can I have a dollar?"
The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a soda can, when discarded will last forever ... and a $7,000 car which when properly cared for will rust out in two or three years.
Them as has, gets.
The master programmer moves from program to program without fear. No change in management can harm him. He will not be fired, even if the project is canceled. Why is this? He is filled with the Tao.
"... the Mayo Clinic, named after its founder, Dr. Ted Clinic ..."
The maze was so small that people got lost looking *for* it. (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers, always end up on their ends without any means.
The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out. Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."
"The medium is the massage."
"The medium is the message."
The meek are contesting the will.
The meek don't want it.
The meek shall inherit the earth; but by that time there won't be anything left worth inheriting.
The meek shall inherit the earth, but *not* its mineral rights.
The meek shall inherit the Earth. (But they're gonna have to fight for it.)
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the Universe.
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
The meek will inherit the earth -- if that's OK with you.
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children.
The men sat sipping their tea in silence. After a while the klutz said, "Life is like a bowl of sour cream." "Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other. "Why?" "How should I know? What am I, a philosopher?"
The Messiah will come. There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation.
"The Mets were great in 'sixty eight, The Cards were fine in 'sixty nine, But the Cubs will be heavenly in nineteen and seventy."
The Middle East is certainly the nexus of turmoil for a long time to come -- with shifting players, but the same game: upheaval. I think we will be confronting militant Islam -- particularly fallout from the Iranian revolution -- and religion will once more, as it has in our own more distant past -- play a role at least as standard-bearer in death and mayhem. Intelligence, vice director of the DIA, former director of the NSA, deputy director of Central Intelligence, former chairman and CEO of MCC.
The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n.
The Minnesota Board of Education voted to consider requiring all students to do some "volunteer work" as a prerequisite to high school graduation. Senator Orrin Hatch said that "capital punishment is our society's recognition of the sanctity of human life." According to the tax bill signed by President Reagan on December 22, 1987, Don Tyson and his sister-in-law Barbara run a "family farm." Their "farm" has 25,000 employees and grosses $1.7 billion a year. But as a "family farm" they get tax breaks that save them $135 million a year. Scott L. Pickard, spokesperson for the Massachusetts Department of Public Works, calls them "ground-mounted confirmatory route markers." You probably call them road signs, but then you don't work in a government agency. It's not "elderly" or "senior citizens" anymore. Now it's "chrono- logically experienced citizens." According to the FAA, the propeller blade didn't break off, it was just a case of "uncontained blade liberation."
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same being who produces the impressions.
The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be general systems laws. For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that any field that had the word "science" in its name was guaranteed thereby not to be a science. He would cite as examples Military Science, Library Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer Science. Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its predictive power. Thinking"
The Modelski Chain Rule: (1) Look intently at the problem for several minutes. Scratch your head at 20-30 second intervals. Try solving the problem on your Hewlett-Packard. (2) Failing this, look around at the class. Select a particularly bright-looking individual. (3) Procure a large chain. (4) Walk over to the selected student and threaten to beat him severely with the chain unless he gives you the answer to the problem. Generally, he will. It may also be a good idea to give him a sound thrashing anyway, just to show you mean business.
The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything.
"The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of themselves," the old man said, no longer to me. "But what will become of the bicuspids?"
The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
The Monks of Cool, whose tiny and exclusive monastery is hidden in a really cool and laid-back valley in the lower Ramtops, have a passing-out test for a novice. He is taken into a room full of all types of clothing and asked: Yo, my son, which of these is the most stylish thing to wear? And the correct answer is: Hey, whatever I select.
The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.
The moon is made of green cheese.
The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.
The Moral Majority is neither.
The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events, the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature. For him neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exists as an independent cause of natural events. To be sure, the doctrine of a personal God interfering with natural events could never be refuted, in the real sense, by science, for this doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge has not yet been able to set foot. But I am persuaded that such behavior on the part of the representatives of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal. For a doctrine which is able to maintain itself not in clear light, but only in the dark, will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm to human progress. In their struggle for the ethical good, teachers of religion must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal God, that is, give up that source of fear and hope which in the past placed such vast powers in the hands of priests. In their labors they will have to avail themselves of those forces which are capable of cultivating the Good, the True, and the Beautiful in humanity itself. This is, to be sure, a more difficult but an incomparably more worthy task.
The more complex the mind, the greater the need for the simplicity of play.
The more control, the more that requires control.
The more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the odds that the competition already has the order.
The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.
The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the lower the mailing cost.
The more I know men the more I like my horse.
The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
The more I think about it, the more I think I should think about it some more. Clarissa in "Clarissa Explains it All"
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be.
The more pretentious a corporate name, the smaller the organization. (For instance, The Murphy Center for Codification of Human and Organizational Law, contrasted to IBM, GM, AT&T ...)
The more the merrier.
The more they over-think the plumbing the easier it is to stop up the drain.
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
The morning sun when it's in your face really shows your age, But that don't bother me none; in my eyes you're everything. I know I keep you amused, But I feel I'm being used. Oh, Maggie, I wish I'd never seen your face. You took me away from home, Just to save you from being alone; You stole my heart, and that's what really hurts. I suppose I could collect my books and get on back to school, Or steal my daddy's cue and make a living out of playing pool, Or find myself a rock 'n' roll band, That needs a helping hand, Oh, Maggie I wish I'd never seen your face. You made a first-class fool out of me, But I'm as blind as a fool can be. You stole my soul, and that's a pain I can do without.
The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.
The mosquito is the state bird of New Jersey.
The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.
The most advantageous, pre-eminent thing thou canst do is not to exhibit nor display thyself within the limits of our galaxy, but rather depart instantaneously whence thou even now standest and flee to yet another rotten planet in the universe, if thou canst have the good fortune to find one.
The most common given name in the world is Mohammad; the most common family name in the world is Chang. Can you imagine the enormous number of people in the world named Mohammad Chang?
The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not true. It is the chief occupation of mankind.
The most dangerous organization in America today is: (a) The KKK (b) The American Nazi Party (c) The Delta Frequent Flyer Club
The most delightful day after the one on which you buy a cottage in the country is the one on which you resell it.
The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and to watch someone else doing it wrong, without commenting.
The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
The most effective has probably been Linux/8086 - that was a joke that got out of hand. So far out of hand in fact its almost approaching usability because other folks thought it worth doing - Alistair Riddoch especially.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not "Eureka!" (I found it!) but "That's funny ..."
The most exquisite peak in culinary art is conquered when you do right by a ham, for a ham, in the very nature of the process it has undergone since last it walked on its own feet, combines in its flavor the tang of smoky autumnal woods, the maternal softness of earthy fields delivered of their crop children, the wineyness of a late sun, the intimate kiss of fertilizing rain, and the bite of fire. You must slice it thin, almost as thin as this page you hold in your hands. The making of a ham dinner, like the making of a gentleman, starts a long, long time before the event. from "Congress Eate It Up"
The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.
The most important design issue... is the fact that Linux is supposed to be fun...
The most important early product on the way to developing a good product is an imperfect version.
The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating people to approach printed matter with distrust.
"The most important thing in a man is not what he knows, but what he is."
The most important things, each person must do for himself.
The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.
The most serious doubt that has been thrown on the authenticity of the biblical miracles is the fact that most of the witnesses in regard to them were fishermen.
<<< The move from a structuralist account in which capital is understood to structure social relations in relatively homologous ways to a view of hegemony in which power relations are subject to repetition, convergence, and rearticulation brought the question of temporality into the thinking of structure, and marked a shift from a form of Althusserian theory that takes structural totalities as theoretical objects to one in which the insights into the contingent possibility of structure inaugurate a renewed conception of hegemony as bound up with the contingent sites and strategies of the rearticulation of power. >>> By the eight brazen balls of Azuza the Bibulous Bandicoot, I'd rather be cast naked and chained into a lake of bubbling white hot fondue cheese than be one of her students. That is, if she actually teaches anything at Berkeley [which can be, really, a lovely place full of very smart science people, theologians and historians, though you'd never know it by this whale's spout of academic doublespeak]. I suspect she sits on a lot of committees and inserts the word 'hegemony' into conversations as often as possible and is avoided at all costs during the holidays lest one become becalmed in the horse latitudes of her spleen regarding Christmas trees, "The Ref" and the hegemony of Zionist post-piety in a restructured universe of gender in-articulation. For a full PhD at UCB in a language art, she cannot, and will not, though, write a simple, clear, understandable sentence. Think about that for a minute. And to think my Cal state taxes pay for her office desk chair. Man. Hegemoniously yours, etc. J
The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ, Moves on: nor all thy Piety nor Wit Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line, Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.
... the MYSTERIANS are in here with my CORDUROY SOAP DISH!!
The myth of romantic love holds that once you've fallen in love with the perfect partner, you're home free. Unfortunately, falling out of love seems to be just as involuntary as falling into it.
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
Then a man said: Speak to us of Expectations. He then said: If a man does not see or hear the waters of the Jordan, then he should not taste the pomegranate or ply his wares in an open market. If a man would not labour in the salt and rock quarries then he should not accept of the Earth that which he refuses to give of himself. Such a man would expect a pear of a peach tree. Such a man would expect a stone to lay an egg. Such a man would expect Sears to assemble a lawnmower.
"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!" "Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to feel interested. "No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little vexed. "That's what the name is called. The name really is, 'The Aged Aged Man.'" "Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?" Alice corrected herself. "No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing! The song is called 'Ways and Means': but that's only what it is called you know!" "Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this time completely bewildered. "I was coming to that," the Knight said. "The song really is "A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
"The National Association of Theater Concessionaires reported that in 1986, 60% of all candy sold in movie theaters was sold to Roger Ebert."
The nation that controls magnetism controls the universe.
The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!
The net of law is spread so wide, No sinner from its sweep may hide. Its meshes are so fine and strong, They take in every child of wrong. O wondrous web of mystery! Big fish alone escape from thee!
"The net result is a system that is not only binary compatible with 4.3 BSD, but is even bug for bug compatible in almost all features." for Parallel and Distributed Environments: The Mach Approach"
The net software here did its meltdown trick again at the weekend (it happens about once every six months -- if only everything was as reliable as WordPerfect 4.2, which only chews up a novel about once every two or three years...)
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around. I hope I don't get run over again.
The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.
The new Linux anthem will be "He's an idiot, but he's ok", as performed by Monthy Python. You'd better start practicing.
The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory, in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system. But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.
"The New York Times is read by the people who run the country. The Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country. The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country ..."
The next person to mention spaghetti stacks to me is going to have his head knocked off.
Then, gently touching my face, she hesitated for a moment as her incredible eyes poured forth into mine love, joy, pain, tragedy, acceptance, and peace. "'Bye for now," she said warmly.
Then here's to the City of Boston, The town of the cries and the groans. Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks, And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.
The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
The nice thing about Windows is - It does not just crash, it displays a dialog box and lets you press 'OK' first.
The night passes quickly when you're asleep But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat ... Breakfast at the Egg House, Like the waffle on the griddle, I'm burnt around the edges, But I'm tender in the middle.
The notes blatted skyward as they rose over the Canada geese, feathered rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim, 'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
The notion of a "record" is an obsolete remnant of the days of the 80-column card.
The notion that science does not concern itself with first causes -- that it leaves the field to theology or metaphysics, and confines itself to mere effects -- this notion has no support in the plain facts. If it could, science would explain the origin of life on earth at once--and there is every reason to believe that it will do so on some not too remote tomorrow. To argue that gaps in knowledge which will confront the seeker must be filled, not by patient inquiry, but by intuition or revelation, is simply to give ignorance a gratuitous and preposterous dignity....
Then there's the story of the man who avoided reality for 70 years with drugs, sex, alcohol, fantasy, TV, movies, records, a hobby, lots of sleep... And on his 80th birthday died without ever having faced any of his real problems. The man's younger brother, who had been facing reality and all his problems for 50 years with psychiatrists, nervous breakdowns, tics, tension, headaches, worry, anxiety and ulcers, was so angry at his brother for having gotten away scott free that he had a paralyzing stroke. The moral to this story is that there ain't no justice that we can stand to live with.
Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.
Then there was the ScoutMaster who got a fantastic deal on this case of Tates brand compasses for his troupe; only $1.25 each! Only problem was, when they got them out in the woods, the compasses were all stuck pointing to the "W" on the dial. Moral: He who has a Tates is lost!
The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are correct.
The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely proportional to the number of bugs in their code.
The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success of the barbecue.
The number of licorice gumballs you get out of a gumball machine increases in direct proportion to how much you hate licorice.
"The number of Unix installations has grown to 10, with more expected."
The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
"Then what is magic for?" Prince Lir demanded wildly. "What use is wizardry if it cannot save a unicorn?" He gripped the magician's shoulder hard, to keep from falling. Schmendrick did not turn his head. With a touch of sad mockery in his voice, he said, "That's what heroes are for." ... "Yes, of course," he [Prince Lir] said. "That is exactly what heroes are for. Wizards make no difference, so they say that nothing does, but heroes are meant to die for unicorns."
"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?" "NO! ... I mean Yes! WHAT?" "I'll put `maybe.'"
"The NY Times is read by the people who run the country. The Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country. The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country..."
<theoddone33> What's this message on my screen, <theoddone33> so blue, so blue, what could it mean? <theoddone33> Could you, would you press Delete, <theoddone33> Ctrl and Alt and then repeat.
The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.
The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the "state legislator".
The Official MBA Handbook on business cards: Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as "Lord of the Realm, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" or "Director of Corporate Planning."
The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane: Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.
The Official MBA Handbook on the use of sunlamps: Use a sunlamp only on weekends. That way, if the office wise guy remarks on the sudden appearance of your tan, you can fabricate some story about a sun-stroked weekend at some island Shangri-La like Caneel Bay. Nothing is more transparent than leaving the office at 11:45 on a Tuesday night, only to return an Aztec sun god at 8:15 the next morning.
The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds is of course a shameful canard. The key age has traditionally been more like fourteen.
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes. Let the reader catch his own breath.
The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing to the floor. "Sorry," he said with a smile.
The old shaman said carefully, "You didn't just see two men go through upside down on a broomstick, shouting and screaming at each other, did you?" The boy looked at him levelly. "Certainly not," he said. The old man heaved a sigh of relief. "Thank goodness for that," he said. "Neither did I." (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
"The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity."
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
The one L lama, he's a priest The two L llama, he's a beast And I will bet my silk pyjama There isn't any three L lllama. his department responded to something like a "three L lllama."
The one positive thing you could say about the bread products around him was that they were probably as edible now as they were on the day they were baked. *Forged* was a better term. Dwarf bread was made as a meal of last resort and also as a weapon and a currency. Dwarfs were not, as far as Vimes knew, religious in any way, but the way they thought about bread came close.
The one sure way to make a lazy man look respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
The only constant is change.
The only cultural advantage LA has over NY is that you can make a right turn on a red light.
The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is that the car salesman knows he's lying.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
The only difference in the game of love over the last few thousand years is that they've changed trumps from clubs to diamonds.
The only disadvantage I see is that it would force everyone to get Perl. Horrors. :-)
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal. The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may experience it as such. Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid. Whoever could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very swift. Thinking of oneself gives little happiness. If, however, one feels much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of oneself but of one's ideal. This is far, and only the swift shall reach it and are delighted.
The only "intuitive" interface is the nipple. After that, it's all learned.
The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism.
The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences; beyond this they have no legitimacy.
The only other people who might benefit from Linux8086 would be owners of PDP/11's and other roomsized computers from the same era.
The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
The only perfect science is hind-sight.
The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
The only possible interpretation of any research whatever in the `social sciences' is: some do, some don't.
The only problem with being a man of leisure is that you can never stop and take a rest.
The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to be less cunning than more virtuous men. Oh yes ... whenever you think you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
The only qualities for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a plausible manner and a little literary ability. The capacity to steal other people's ideas and phrases ... is also invaluable.
The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.
The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball... You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen. You've got to let it grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.
The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture, finished, and put inside boxes.
The only really good reason I can think to not release specs is embarrassment on just how crappy some hardware out there is, or just how buggy it is.
"The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon." Over and Over"
The only reward of virtue is virtue.
The only rose without thorns is friendship.
The only solution is ... a balance of power. We arm our side with exactly that much more. A balance of power -- the trickiest, most difficult, dirtiest game of them all. But the only one that preserves both sides.
The only thing better than love is milk.
The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
The only things known to go faster than ordinary light is monarchy, according to the philosopher Ly Tin Weedle. He reasoned like this: you can't have more than one king, and tradition demands that there is no gap between kings, so when a king dies the succession must therefore pass to the heir *instantaneously*. Presumably, he said, there must be some elementary particles -- kingons, or possibly queons -- that do this job, but of course succession sometimes fails if, in mid-flight, they strike an anti-particle, or republicon. His ambitious plans to use his discovery to send messages, involving the careful torturing of a small king in order to modulate the signal, were never fully expanded because, at that point, the bar closed.
The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches us nothing.
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself.
The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn. That men do not learn very much from history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach. We learn from history that we do not learn from history. HISTORY: Papa Hegel he say that all we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history. I know people who can't even learn from what happened this morning. Hegel must have been taking the long view.
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history. I know guys can't learn from yesterday ... Hegel must be taking the long view.
The only thing worse than X Windows: (X Windows) - X
The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
The only time Crowley had bought petrol was once in 1967, to get the free James Bond bullet-hole-in-the-windscreen transfers, which he rather fancied at the time.
The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge and guilt.
"The only way for a reporter to look at a politician is down."
The only way housework could be done in this place was with a shovel or, for preference, a match.
"The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy."
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it.
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal. It doesn't even get up until 5 or 6 PM.
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting.
The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist knows it.
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist is afraid this might be true.
The optimum committee has no members.
The opulence of the front office door varies inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm.
Theorem: a cat has nine tails. Proof: No cat has eight tails. A cat has one tail more than no cat. Therefore, a cat has nine tails.
Theorem: All positive integers are equal. Proof: Sufficient to show that for any two positive integers, A and B, A = B. Further, it is sufficient to show that for all N > 0, if A and B (positive integers) satisfy (MAX(A, B) = N) then A = B. Proceed by induction: If N = 1, then A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1. So A = B. Assume that the theorem is true for some value k. Take A and B with MAX(A, B) = k+1. Then MAX((A-1), (B-1)) = k. And hence (A-1) = (B-1). Consequently, A = B.
Theory is gray, but the golden tree of life is green.
theory, n.: System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good it will look in print.
Theory of Selective Supervision: The one time in the day that you lean back and relax is the one time the boss walks through the office.
The Osmonds! You are all Osmonds!! Throwing up on a freeway at dawn!!!
The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
- "The other humans around it are trying to explain to it what a planet is." - "Doesn't it know?" - "Many humans don't. Mistervicepresident is one of them."
The other line moves faster.
The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called "Me".
The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes. Fully clothed, I might add.
The past always looks better than it was. It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
"The pathology is to want control, not that you ever get it, because of course you never do."
The Patrician relaxed, in a way which only then drew gentle attention to the foregoing moment of tension.
The Patrician was a pragmatist. He never tried to fix things that worked. Things that didn't work, however, got broken.
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
The pen is mightier than the sword if the sword is very short, and the pen is very sharp.
The people of Gideon have always believed that life is sacred. That the love of life is the greatest gift ... We are incapable of destroying or interfering with the creation of that which we love so deeply -- life in every form from fetus to developed being.
The people rule.
The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.
The people who really run organizations are usually found several levels down, where it is still possible to get things done.
The perfect friend sees the best in you -- sees it constantly -- not just when you occasionally are that way, but also when you waver, when you forget yourself, act like less than you are. In time, you become more like his vision of you -- which is the person you have always wanted to be.
The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.M.
The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market. Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
The person on the other side was a young woman. Very obviously a young woman. There was no possible way that she could have been mistaken for a young man in any language, especially Braille. (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
The person who can smile when something goes wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
The person who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
The person who's taking you to lunch has no intention of paying.
The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.
The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere, bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.
The philosopher's treatment of a question is like the treatment of an illness.
The Phone Booth Rule: A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.
"The picture's pretty bleak, gentlemen... The world's climates are changing, the mammals are taking over, and we all have a brain about the size of a walnut."
The Pig, if I am not mistaken, Gives us ham and pork and Bacon. Let others think his heart is big, I think it stupid of the Pig.
The PILLSBURY DOUGHBOY is CRYING for an END to BURT REYNOLDS movies!!
The PINK SOCKS were ORIGINALLY from 1952!! But they went to MARS around 1953!!
The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter. The batter swang and missed. The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter connected. He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were blound by the sun and he dropped it.
The place looked as though it had been visited by Gengiz Cohen [footnote: hence the term "wholesale destruction"].
The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
The Poems, all three hundred of them, may be summed up in one of their phrases: "Let our thoughts be correct".
The poetry of heroism appeals irresistably to those who don't go to a war, and even more so to those whom the war is making enormously wealthy."
The Poet Whose Badness Saved His Life The most important poet in the seventeenth century was George Wither. Alexander Pope called him "wretched Wither" and Dryden said of his verse that "if they rhymed and rattled all was well". In our own time, "The Dictionary of National Biography" notes that his work "is mainly remarkable for its mass, fluidity and flatness. It usually lacks any genuine literary quality and often sinks into imbecile doggerel". High praise, indeed, and it may tempt you to savour a typically rewarding stanza: It is taken from "I loved a lass" and is concerned with the higher emotions. She would me "Honey" call, She'd -- O she'd kiss me too. But now alas! She's left me Falero, lero, loo. Among other details of his mistress which he chose to immortalize was her prudent choice of footwear. The fives did fit her shoe. In 1639 the great poet's life was endangered after his capture by the Royalists during the English Civil War. When Sir John Denham, the Royalist poet, heard of Wither's imminent execution, he went to the King and begged that his life be spared. When asked his reason, Sir John replied, "Because that so long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the worst poet in England."
The point is that descriptive writing is very rarely entirely accurate and during the reign of Olaf Quimby II as Patrician of Ankh some legislation was passed in a determined attempt to put a stop to this sort of thing and introduce some honesty into reporting. Thus, if a legend said of a notable here that "all men spoke of his prowess" any bard who valued his life would add hastily "except for a couple of people in his home village who thought he was a liar, and quite a lot of other people who had never really heard of him."
The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad trying to stop yourself going mad. You might just as well give in and save your sanity for later.
The point that must be made is that although Herrena the Henna-Haired Harridan would look quite stunning after a good bath, a heavy-duty manicure, and the pick of the leather racks in Woo Hung Ling's Oriental Exotica and Martial Aids on Heroes Street, she was currently quite sensibly dressed in light chain mail, soft boots, and a short sword. All right, maybe the boots were leather. But not black.
The polite thing to do has always been to address people as they wish to be addressed, to treat them in a way they think dignified. But it is equally important to accept and tolerate different standards of courtesy, not expecting everyone else to adapt to one's own preferences. Only then can we hope to restore the insult to its proper social function of expressing true distaste. Correct Behavior"
The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment. To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
The pollution's at that awkward stage. Too thick to navigate and too thin to cultivate.
The POP3 server service depends on the SMTP server service, which failed to start because of the following error: The operation completed successfully.
"The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more often."
The possession of a book becomes a substitute for reading it.
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of the Force.
The prayer of serenity applies here. To both of us. :-)
The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher, Were each of them once a kiddie. A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature. Do I want one? God Forbiddie!
"The preeminence of a learned man over a worshiper is equal to the preeminence of the moon, at the night of the full moon, over all the stars. Verily, the learned men are the heirs of the Prophets."
... The prejudices people feel about each other disappear when they get to know each other.
The pre-luncheon drinks were going quite well, Mr Bucket thought. Everyone was making polite conversation and absolutely no one had been killed up to the present moment.
The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they’ve found it.
...the prevailing Catholic odor - incense, wax, centuries of mild bleating from the lips of the flock.
*** The previous line contains the naughty word "$&".\n if /(ibm|apple|awk)/; # :-)
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday they might force their beliefs on us.
The price of success in philosophy is triviality.
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side. -- James Baldwin
The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly. I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go. A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea. Turning the curve he waved his hand. A sleek brown head, a seal's, far out on the water, round. Usurper.
The primary cause of failure in electrical appliances is an expired warranty. Often, you can get an appliance running again simply by changing the warranty expiration date with a 15/64-inch felt-tipped marker.
The primary difference [...] is that the Java program will reliably and obviously crash, whereas the C Program will do something obscure
The primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
The primary purpose of the DATA statement is to give names to constants; instead of referring to pi as 3.141592653589793 at every appearance, the variable PI can be given that value with a DATA statement and used instead of the longer form of the constant. This also simplifies modifying the program, should the value of pi change.
The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough voters to win the next election.
The primary theme of SoupCon is communication. The acronym "LEO" represents the secondary theme: Law Enforcement Officials The overall theme of SoupCon shall be: Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in charity we can only call "inhuman."
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The problem here (as someon else stated) is that when multiple dists use the same package format it only gives a "false sense of compatibility".
The problem ... is that we have run out of dinosaurs to form oil with. Scientists working for the Department of Energy have tried to form oil using other animals; they've piled thousands of tons of sand and Middle Eastern countries on top of cows, raccoons, haddock, laboratory rats, etc., but so far all they have managed to do is run up an enormous bulldozer-rental bill and anger a lot of Middle Eastern persons. None of the animals turned into oil, although most of the laboratory rats developed cancer.
The problems of business administration in general, and database management in particular, are much too difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded with sloppy english.
The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed, a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it.
The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to get results. The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy problems in order to get results. The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at toy problems in order to get results.
The problem with graduate students, in general, is that they have to sleep every few days.
The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good requires intent.
The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
The problem with this country is that there is no death penalty for incompetence.
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business. [Horse racing *is* a stable business ...]
The program isn't debugged until the last user is dead.
The programmers of old were mysterious and profound. We cannot fathom their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance. Aware, like a fox crossing the water. Alert, like a general on the battlefield. Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved blocks of wood. Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves. Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds? The answer exists only in the Tao.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a horse.
The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper thoughts about their neighbours.
The public demands certainties; it must be told definitely and a bit raucously that this is true and that is false. But there are no certainties.
The public is an old woman. Let her maunder and mumble.
The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
The purpose of having mailing lists rather than having newsgroups is to place a barrier to entry which protects the lists and their users from invasion by the general uneducated hordes.
The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not engineers.
"The pyramid is opening!" "Which one?" "The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
"The pyramid is opening!" "Which one?" "The one with the ever-widening hole in it!" Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"
The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's: "My brain is paged out to my liver."
"The question is rather: if we ever succeed in making a mind 'of nuts and bolts', how will we know we have succeeded? "It will tell us."
The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president? What is it about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television, that you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of industrial waste?
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim. Edsger W. Dijkstra
The question of whether computers can think is just like the question of whether submarines can swim.
The question seldom addressed is *where* Medusa had snakes. Underarm hair is an even more embarassing problem when it keeps biting the top of the deodorant bottle.
The questions remain the same. The answers are eternally variable.
The Rabbits The Cow Here is a verse about rabbits The cow is of the bovine ilk; That doesn't mention their habits. One end is moo, the other, milk.
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet.
The rain it raineth on the just And also on the unjust fella, But chiefly on the just, because The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
The Ramkins were more highly bred than a hilltop bakery, whereas Corporal Nobbs had been disqualified from the human race for shoving.
The random quantum fluctuations of my brain are historical accidents that happen to have decided that the concepts of dynamic scoping and lexical scoping are orthogonal and should remain that way.
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
The rate at which a disease spreads through a corn field is a precise measurement of the speed of blight.
The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the illiterates can read.
The reader this message encounters not failing to understand is cursed.
There ain't nothin' in this world that's worth being a snot over.
The real man's Bloody Mary: Ingredients: vodka, tomato juice, Tobasco, Worcestershire sauce, A-1 steak sauce, ice, salt, pepper, celery. Fill a large tumbler with vodka. Throw all the other ingredients away.
The real problem with hunting elephants is carrying the decoys.
The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
The real reason large families benefit society is because at least a few of the children in the world shouldn't be raised by beginners.
The real reason psychology is hard is that psychologists are trying to do the impossible.
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.
There appears to be irrefutable evidence that the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.
There are 3 types of guys -- the ones who hate nerds (all nerds, that is; girls aren't let off the hook); the ones who are scared off by girls who are slightly more intelligent than average; and the guys who are also somewhat more intelligent than average, but are so shy that they can't put 2 words together when they're within 20 feet of a girl.
... there are about 5,000 people who are part of that committee. These guys have a hard time sorting out what day to meet, and whether to eat croissants or doughnuts for breakfast -- let alone how to define how all these complex layers that are going to be agreed upon.
There are a lot of lies going around.... and half of them are true.
There are always alternatives.
There are a ton of reasons why Debian may have an older version of an upstream release. For example, and I hasten to point out that the following list is by no means exhaustive, and not all of the possibilities are common: * The Debian package maintainer is dead, but nobody noticed it yet, and nobody has wanted an update badly enough to do an NMU or to adopt the package. * The upstream release is actually a fake. It's a trojan, which was put there by the NSA in order to infiltrate the CIA mainframe. The Debian package maintainer noticed this and uploaded that version of the package to non-free instead of main, since the trojan code does not come with proper source. * Upstream has moved the RSS feed for new releases without notifying the old feed of the move, so the Debian package maintainer missed that, and doesn't actually know about the new release. Due to a complicated series of happenstance involving rainbows, midget unicorns, and the ongoing rewrite of the Netsurf web browser, the Debian package maintainer is not able to find the new feed because it would require doing a web search and their browser doesn't have working form support now. No other browser is available on the Amiga they're using as their only computer, either. * The new release is requested by insistent Hurd porters, and the Debian package maintainer absolutely loathes the Hurd, and will refuse to upload any packages that work on the Hurd. * The Debian package maintainer suffers from mental problems cause by reading debian-devel too much, and now has a nervous breakdown every time they recognize a name as someone whom they've seen on the list. * The Debian development process is being sabotaged by Microsoft sending people to the developers' houses pretending to be TV license checkers or Jehova's witnesses every time they detect, using the hardware wireless keylogger embedded in every PC, that the developer is trying to run any Debian packaging command. * Apple is also sabotaging Debian by paying me to write snarky e-mails on Debian mailing lists to distract everyone from working on the actual release, so that we can get past the freeze and start uploading things again without having to worry that it breaks things in ways that makes the freeze longer.
There are bad times just around the corner, There are dark clouds hurtling through the sky And it's no good whining About a silver lining For we know from experience that they won't roll by...
There are bugs and then there are bugs. And then there are bugs.
There are certain things men must do to remain men.
There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to be thought so.
There are hardly any excesses of the most crazed psychopath that cannot easily be duplicated by a normal kindly family man who just comes in to work every day and has a job to do.
There are, it has been said, two types of people in the world. There are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full. And then there are those who say: this glass is half empty. The world *belongs*, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: What's up with this glass? Excuse me? Excuse *me*? This is my glass? I don't *think* so. My glass was full! *And* it was a bigger glass!
There are many intelligent species in the universe, and they all own cats.
There are many of us in this old world of ours who hold that things break about even for all of us. I have observed, for example, that we all get about the same amount of ice. The rich get it in the summer and the poor get it in the winter.
There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal friend. They may know something that we don't. They are probably avoiding a great deal of pain.
There are many rhymes about magpies, but none of them is very reliable because they are not the ones the magpies know themselves.
There are many times when you want it to ignore the rest of the string just like atof() does. Oddly enough, Perl calls atof(). How convenient. :-)
There are more dead people than living, and their numbers are increasing.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are more things in heaven and earth than any place else.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.
There are new messages.
There are no accidents whatsoever in the universe.
There are no answers, only cross-references.
There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axis are chosen correctly.
There are no emotional victims, only volunteers.
There are no games on this system.
There are no great men, buster. There are only men.
There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet.
There are *no* inconsistencies in the Discworld books; ocassionally, however, there are alternate pasts.
There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
There are no rules for March. March is spring, sort of, usually, March means maybe, but don't bet on it.
There are no threads in a.b.p.erotica, so there's no gain in using a threaded news reader.
There are no winners in life, only survivors.
There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
There are only two kinds of tequila. Good and better.
There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
There are people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.
There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so people who find nothing odd about it.
There are places I'll remember All my life though some have changed. Some forever not for better Some have gone and some remain. All these places had their moments With lovers and friends I still recall. Some are dead and some are living, In my life I've loved them all. But of all these friends and lovers, There is no one compared with you, All these memories lose their meaning When I think of love as something new. Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before, I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I'll love you more.
There are probably better ways to do that, but it would make the parser more complex. I do, occasionally, struggle feebly against complexity... :-)
There are running jobs. Why don't you go chase them?
"There are some good people in it, but the orchestra as a whole is equivalent to a gang bent on destruction."
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both plants and animals. When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis; and when the lights go out, they turn into animals. But then again, don't we all?
There are some things worth dying for.
There are still some other things to do, so don't think if I didn't fix your favorite bug that your bug report is in the bit bucket. (It may be, but don't think it. :-) Larry Wall in <7238@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
There are strange things done in the midnight sun By the men who moil for gold; The Arctic trails have their secret tales That would make your blood run cold; The Northern Lights have seen queer sights, But the queerest they ever did see Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge I cremated Sam McGee.
There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
"There are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them"
There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for wonder. There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
There are three infallible ways of pleasing an author, and the three form a rising scale of compliment: 1, to tell him you have read one of his books; 2, to tell him you have read all of his books; 3, to ask him to let you read the manuscript of his forthcoming book. No. 1 admits you to his respect; No. 2 admits you to his admiration; No. 3 carries you clear into his heart.
There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.
There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; someone loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor.
There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be offered: entertainment, food, and affection. It is customary to begin a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount of food, and the merest suggestion of affection. As the amount of affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately. When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating. Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.
"There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and engineers. While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far the more certain."
There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need the money; the second that you have something to say that you think the world should know; the third is that you can't think what to do with the long winter evenings.
There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
There are three schools of magic. One: State a tautology, then ring the changes on its corollaries; that's philosophy. Two: Record many facts. Try to find a pattern. Then make a wrong guess at the next fact; that's science. Three: Be aware that you live in a malevolent Universe controlled by Murphy's Law, sometimes offset by Brewster's Factor; that's engineering.
There are three things I always forget. Names, faces -- the third I can't remember.
There are three ways to get something done: (1) Do it yourself. (2) Hire someone to do it for you. (3) Forbid your kids to do it.
There are times in life when people must know when not to let go. Balloons are designed to teach small children this.
There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is one of them.
There are twenty-five people left in the world, and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies. They hang out and play together for years, virtually inseparable. Unfortunately, one of them is struck by a truck and killed. About a week later his friend wakes up in the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the room. He calls out, "Who's there? Who's there? What's going on?" "It's me -- Bob," replies a faraway voice. Excitedly he sits up in bed. "Bob! Bob! Is that you? Where are you?" "Well," says the voice, "I'm in heaven now." "Heaven! You're in heaven! That's wonderful! What's it like?" "It's great, man. I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day. I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time! Man it is smokin'!" "Oh, wow!" says his friend. "That sounds fantastic, tell me more, tell me more!" "Let me put it this way," continues the voice. "There's good news and bad news. The good news is that these guys are in top form. I mean I have *never* heard them sound better. They are *wailing* up here." "The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings..."
There are two kinds of egotists: 1) Those who admit it 2) The rest of us
There are two kinds of fool. One says, "This is old, and therefore good." And one says, "This is new, and therefore better"
There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect the sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
There are two problems with a major hangover. You feel like you are going to die and you're afraid that you won't.
There are two types of Linux developers - those who can spell, and those who can't. There is a constant pitched battle between the two.
There are two types of people in this world, good and bad. The good sleep better, but the bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more.
There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
There are two ways of disliking art. One is to dislike it. The other is to like it rationally.
There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man."
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.
The reason ESP, for example, is not considered a viable topic in contemoprary psychology is simply that its investigation has not proven fruitful...After more than 70 years of study, there still does not exist one example of an ESP phenomenon that is replicable under controlled conditions. This simple but basic scientific criterion has not been met despite dozens of studies conducted over many decades...It is for this reason alone that the topic is now of little interest to psychology...In short, there is no demonstrated phenomenon that needs explanation.
The reason I like hitching a ride on strict vars is that it cuts down the number of rarely used pragmas people have to remember, yet provides a way to get to the point where we might, just maybe, someday, make local lexicals the default for everyone, without having useless pragmas wandering around various programs, or using up another bit in $^H.
The reason it's called "Grape Nuts" is that it contains "dextrose", which is also sometimes called "grape sugar," and also because "Grape Nuts" is catchier, in terms of marketing, than "A Cross Between Gerbil Food and Gravel," which is what it tastes like.
The reason that every major university maintains a department of mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those people.
The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money. Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles. But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that’d still be keeping his feet dry in ten years’ time, while a poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet. This was the Captain Samuel Vimes “Boots” theory of socioeconomic unfairness.
The reason they're called wisdom teeth is that the experience makes you wise.
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.
There be sober men a'plenty, and drunkards barely twenty; there are men of over ninety who have never yet kissed a girl. But give me the rambling rover, from Orkney down to Dover, we will roam the whole world over, and together we'll face the world.
There but for the grace of God, goes God.
There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
...there can be no public or private virtue unless the foundation of action is the practice of truth.
There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
There comes a time in the affairs of a man when he has to take the bull by the tail and face the situation.
There comes a time to stop being angry.
There comes to all races an ultimate crisis which you have yet to face .... One day our minds became so powerful we dared think of ourselves as gods.
Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
- "Therefore I will have dinner sent in," said the priest. "It will be roast chicken." - "I hate chicken." Dios smiled. "No sire. On wednesdays the King always enjoys chicken, sire."
The regression list keeps shrinking, so we're still on track for a full 2.6.24 release in early January. Assuming we don't all overeat during the holidays and nobody gets any work done. But we all know that the holidays are really the time when we get away from the boring "real work", and can spend 24/7 on kernel hacking instead, right? Here's to a merry christmas, doing the whole druidic festival around the tree thing. Linus Torvalds announcing Linux Kernel prepatch 2.6.24-rc6 http://lwn.net/Articles/262978/
There had been some desultory talk about putting up a statue to Rincewind but, by the curious alchemy that tends to apply in these sensitive issues, this quickly became a plaque, then a note on the Roll of Honour, and finally a motion of censure for being improperly dressed. (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
There has also been some work to allow the interesting use of macro names. For example, if you wanted all of your "creat()" calls to include read permissions for everyone, you could say #define creat(file, mode) creat(file, mode | 0444) I would recommend against this kind of thing in general, since it hides the changed semantics of "creat()" in a macro, potentially far away from its uses. To allow this use of macros, the preprocessor uses a process that is worth describing, if for no other reason than that we get to use one of the more amusing terms introduced into the C lexicon. While a macro is being expanded, it is temporarily undefined, and any recurrence of the macro name is "painted blue" -- I kid you not, this is the official terminology recursively. (I do not know why the color blue was chosen; I'm sure it was the result of a long debate, spread over several meetings.)
There has been a little distress selling on the stock exchange.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
- "There have been...accidents." - "What kind of accidents?" - "The kind of accidents you prefer to call...accidents."
There have, in the course of decadent history, been many large wigs, often with build-in gewgaws to stop people having to look at boring hair all the time. There had been ones big enough to contain pet mice or clockwork ornaments. Mme Cupidor, mistress of Mad King Soup II, had one with a bird cage in it, but on special state occasions wore one containing a perpetual calendar, a floral clock and a take-away linguini shop.
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
There is a building with four floors. On the first floor, there is a convention of architects. On the second floor, there is a vinyl manufacturing plant. On the third floor there is a fast food stand, and on the fourth floor there is a library. Q: What would happen if a librarian traveled down in a small elevator with one other person from each floor? A: The elevator would be full.
There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery is, if not an antidote, at least an alleviation. If you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
There is a certain impertinence in allowing oneself to be burned for an opinion.
There is a Chinese story of a farmer who used an old horse to till his fields. One day, the horse escaped into the hills and when the farmer's neighbors sympathized with the old man over his bad luck, the farmer replied, "Bad luck? Good luck? Who knows?" A week later, the horse returned with a herd of horses from the hills and this time the neighbors congratulated the farmer on his good luck. His reply was, "Good luck? Bad luck? Who knows?" Then, when the farmer's son was attempting to tame one of the wild horses, he fell off its back and broke his leg. Everyone thought this very bad luck. Not the farmer, whose only reaction was, "Bad luck? Good luck? Who knows?" Some weeks later, the army marched into the village and conscripted every able-bodied youth they found there. When they saw the farmer's son with his broken leg, they let him off. Now was that good luck or bad luck? Who knows? Everything that seems on the surface to be an evil may be a good in disguise. And everything that seems good on the surface may really be an evil. So we are wise when we leave it to God to decide what is good fortune and what misfortune, and thank him that all things turn out for good with those who love him.
There is a fly on your nose.
There is a good deal of solemn cant about the common interests of capital and labour. As matters stand, their only common interest is that of cutting each other's throat.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
"There is also a thriving independent student movement in Poland, and thus there is a strong possibility (though no guarantee) of making an EARN-Poland link, should it ever come about, a genuine link - not a vacuum cleaner attachment for a Bloc information gathering apparatus rationed to trusted apparatchiks." gateway from EARN (European Academic Research Network) to Poland
There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling somebody out.
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
There is always something new out of Africa.
There is a Massachusetts law requiring all dogs to have their hind legs tied during the month of April.
There is a multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.
There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
There is an old custom among my people. When a woman saves a man's life, he is grateful. stardate 4211.8.
There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty. "When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
There is an order of things in this universe.
There is a secret person undamaged within every individual.
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
There is a time in the tides of men, Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success. On the other hand, don't count on it.
There is brutality and there is honesty. There is no such thing as brutal honesty.
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
"There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum." --Arthur C. Clarke
There is, however, a strange, musty smell in the air that reminds me of something...hmm...yes...I've got it...there's a VMS nearby, or I'm a Blit.
There is in certain living souls A quality of loneliness unspeakable, So great it must be shared As company is shared by lesser beings. Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this That in immensity There is one lonelier than you.
There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon, however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable. Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator on his own account. The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is even highly probable.
There *is* intelligent life on Earth, but I leave for Texas on Monday.
There is Jackson standing like a stone wall. Let us determine to die, and we will conquer. Follow me.
There is more simplicity in the man who eats caviar on impulse than in the man who eats Grape-Nuts on principle.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.
There is no act of treachery or mean-ness of which a political party is not capable; for in politics there is no honour.
There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law. No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets truth.
There Is No Cabal.
There is no character, howsoever good and fine, but it can be destroyed by ridicule, howsoever poor and witless. Observe the ass, for instance: his character is about perfect, he is the choicest spirit among all the humbler animals, yet see what ridicule has brought him to. Instead of feeling complimented when we are called an ass, we are left in doubt.
There is no choice before us. Either we must Succeed in providing the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements. We must provide a Great Age or see the collapse of the upward striving of the human race.
There is no comfort without pain; thus we define salvation through suffering.
There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
There is no delight the equal of dread. As long as it is somebody else's.
There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.
"There is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress."
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
There is no doubt that my lawyer is honest. For example, when he filed his income tax return last year, he declared half of his salary as 'unearned income.'
There is no education that is not political. An apolitical education is also political because it is purposely isolating.
"There is no Father Christmas. It's just a marketing ploy to make low income parents' lives a misery." "... I want you to picture the trusting face of a child, streaked with tears because of what you just said." "I want you to picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!"
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casts out fear.
There is no fool to the old fool.
There is no grief which time does not lessen and soften.
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
There is no opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it.
There is no point in waiting. The train stopped running years ago. All the schedules, the brochures, The bright-colored posters full of lies, Promise rides to a distant country That no longer exists.
There is no proverb that is not true.
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home. Convention of the World Future Society, in Boston, 1977
There is no royal road to geometry.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
There is no security on this earth. There is only opportunity.
There is no sin but ignorance.
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
There is no snooze button on a cat who wants breakfast.
"There is no statute of limitations on stupidity."
There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
There *is* no such thing as a civil engineer.
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.
There is no such thing as fortune. Try again.
There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and family. But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too, the way his government is living. What the government has got to do is live as cheap as the people.
There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
"There is nothing new under the sun, but there are lots of old things we don't know yet." -Ambrose Bierce
"There is nothing so deadly as not to hold up to people the opportunity to do great and wonderful things, if we wish to stimulate them in an active way."
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who comes to visit.
"There is nothing that can be in our way, for this is Jekub, that Laughs at Barriers, and says brrm-brrm." (Terry Pratchett, Diggers)
There is nothing which cannot be answered by means of my doctrine," said a monk, coming into a teahouse where Nasrudin sat. "And yet just a short time ago, I was challenged by a scholar with an unanswerable question," said Nasrudin. "I could have answered it if I had been there." "Very well. He asked, 'Why are you breaking into my house in the middle of the night?'"
There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.
There is nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure.
There is nothing wrong with writing ... as long as it is done in private and you wash your hands afterward.
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
There is no TRUTH. There is no REALITY. There is no CONSISTENCY. There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS. I'm very probably wrong.
There is one difference between a tax collector and a taxidermist -- the taxidermist leaves the hide.
There is one way to find out if a man is honest -- ask him. If he says "Yes" you know he is crooked.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
There is only one way to kill capitalism -- by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
There is only one word for aid that is genuinely without strings, and that word is blackmail.
There is perhaps in every thing of any consequence, secret history, which it would be amusing to know, could we have it authentically communicated.
There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.
There is something you must understand about the Soviet system. They have the ability to concentrate all their efforts on a given design, and develop all components simultaneously, but sometimes without proper testing. Then they end up with a technological disaster like the Tu-144. In a technology race at the time, that aircraft was two months ahead of the Concorde. Four Tu-144s were built; two have crashed, and two are in museums. The Concorde has been flying safely for over 10 years. "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 100
"There is such a fine line between genius and stupidity."
There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.
"There... I've run rings 'round you logically"
The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.
"The release of emotion is what keeps us health. Emotionally healthy." "That may be, Doctor. However, I have noted that the healthy release of emotion is frequently unhealthy for those closest to you."
There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who constantly divide the people of the world into two classes and those who do not.
"There must be a hundred silver dollars in here," moaned Boggis, waving a purse. "I mean, that's not my league. That's not my class. I can't handle that sort of money. You've got to be in the Guild of Lawyers or something to steal that much."
There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United States; of course, I never heard the story before.
There must be more to life than having everything.
"There must be some mistake," he said, "are you not a greater computer than the Milliard Gargantubrain which can count all the atoms in a star in a millisecond?" "The Milliard Gargantubrain?" said Deep Thought with unconcealed contempt. "A mere abacus. Mention it not."
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
There once was a man who went to a computer trade show. Each day as he entered, the man told the guard at the door: "I am a great thief, renowned for my feats of shoplifting. Be forewarned, for this trade show shall not escape unplundered." This speech disturbed the guard greatly, because there were millions of dollars of computer equipment inside, so he watched the man carefully. But the man merely wandered from booth to booth, humming quietly to himself. When the man left, the guard took him aside and searched his clothes, but nothing was to be found. On the next day of the trade show, the man returned and chided the guard saying: "I escaped with a vast booty yesterday, but today will be even better." So the guard watched him ever more closely, but to no avail. On the final day of the trade show, the guard could restrain his curiosity no longer. "Sir Thief," he said, "I am so perplexed, I cannot live in peace. Please enlighten me. What is it that you are stealing?" The man smiled. "I am stealing ideas," he said.
There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs. A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured programs. When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: "What is appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice. You must understand the Tao before transcending structure."
There once was a Sailor who looked through a glass And spied a fair mermaid with scales on her... island. Where seagulls flew over their nest. She combed the long hair which hung over her... shoulders. And caused her to tickle and itch. The sailor cried out "There's a beautiful... mermaid. A sittin' out there on the rocks." The crew came a running, all grabbing their... glasses. And crowded four deep to the rail. All eager to share in this fine piece of... news. ... "Throw out a line and we'll lasso her... flippers. And soon we will certainly find If mermaids are better before or be... brave My dear fellows," The captain cried out. And cursing with spleen. This song may be dull, but it's certainly clean.
There once was this swami who lived above a delicatessan. Seems one day he decided to stop in downstairs for some fresh liver. Well, the owner of the deli was a bit of a cheap-skate, and decided to pick up a little extra change at his customer's expense. Turning quietly to the counterman, he whispered, "Weigh down upon the swami's liver!"
The reported resort to astrology in the White House has occasioned much merriment. It is not funny. Astrological gibberish, which means astrology generally, has no place in a newspaper, let alone government. Unlike comics, which are part of a newspaper's harmless pleasure and make no truth claims, astrology is a fraud. The idea that it gets a hearing in government is dismaying.
There's a couple of million dollars worth of baseball talent on the loose, ready for the big leagues, yet unsigned by any major league. There are pitchers who would win 20 games a season ... and outfielders [who] could hit .350, infielders who could win recognition as stars, and there's at least one catcher who at this writing is probably superior to Bill Dickey, Josh Gibson. Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, the pigmentation of their skin. They happen to be colored.
- "There's a door" - "Where does it go?" - "It stays where it is, I think."
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad it's not a fence.
There's a lesson that I need to remember When everything is falling apart In life, just like in loving There's such a thing as trying too hard You've gotta sing Like you don't need the money Love like you'll never get hurt You've gotta dance Like nobody's watching It's gotta come from the heart If you want it to work.
There's a little picture of ED MCMAHON doing BAD THINGS to JOAN RIVERS in a $200,000 MALIBU BEACH HOUSE!!
There's a lot to be said for not saying a lot.
"There's always been Tower of Babel sort of bickering inside Unix, but this is the most extreme form ever. This means at least several years of confusion." about the Open Systems Foundation
There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.
There's amnesia in a hangknot, And comfort in the ax, But the simple way of poison will make your nerves relax. There's surcease in a gunshot, And sleep that comes from racks, But a handy draft of poison avoids the harshest tax. You find rest on the hot squat, Or gas can give you pax, But the closest corner chemist has peace in packaged stacks. There's refuge in the church lot When you tire of facing facts, And the smoothest route is poison prescribed by kindly quacks. Chorus: With an *ugh!* and a groan, and a kick of the heels, Death comes quiet, or it comes with squeals -- But the pleasantest place to find your end Is a cup of cheer from the hand of a friend.
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There's another way to survive. Mutual trust -- and help.
There's a thrill in store for all for we're about to toast The corporation that we represent. We're here to cheer each pioneer and also proudly boast, Of that man of men our sterling president The name of T. J. Watson means A courage none can stem And we feel honored to be here to toast the IBM.
There's a trick to the Graceful Exit. It begins with the vision to recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over -- and to let go. It means leaving what's over without denying its validity or its past importance in our lives. It involves a sense of future, a belief that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on, rather than out. The trick of retiring well may be the trick of living well. It's hard to recognize that life isn't a holding action, but a process. It's hard to learn that we don't leave the best parts of ourselves behind, back in the dugout or the office. We own what we learned back there. The experiences and the growth are grafted onto our lives. And when we exit, we can take ourselves along -- quite gracefully.
There's a way out of any cage. stardate unknown.
There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!
There's certainly precedent for that already too. (Not claiming it's *good* precedent, mind you. :-)
There's coffee in that nebula!
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
There's enough money here to buy 5000 cans of Noodle-Roni!
There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
There should be a notice ahead of the movie that says 'This movie is PG. Can you read? You are a Parent. Do you understand what Guidance is? Or are you just another stupid toddler who thinks they're an adult simple because they've grown older and, unfortunately, have developed fully-functioning sexual organs? Would you like some committee somewhere to decide *everything* for you? Get a damn grip, will you? And shut the wretched kid up !'
There's just something I don't like about Virginia; the state.
There's little in taking or giving, There's little in water or wine: This living, this living, this living, Was never a project of mine. Oh, hard is the struggle, and sparse is The gain of the one at the top, For art is a form of catharsis, And love is a permanent flop, And work is the province of cattle, And rest's for a clam in a shell, So I'm thinking of throwing the battle -- Would you kindly direct me to hell?
There's no easy quick way out, we're gonna have to live through our whole lives, win, lose, or draw.
There's no future in time travel.
There's no heavier burden than a great potential.
There's no honorable way to kill, no gentle way to destroy. There is nothing good in war. Except its ending.
There's no justice in this world. New York district attorney Thomas Dewey after Luciano had saved Dewey from assassination by Dutch Schultz (by ordering the assassination of Schultz instead)
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get any worse.
There's no saint like a reformed sinner.
There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know what you're talking about.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
There's no such thing as an original sin.
There's no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
There's nothing disgusting about it [the Companion]. It's just another life form, that's all. You get used to those things.
There's nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead armadillos.
There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
There's nothing remarkable about it. All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
There's nothing to writing. All you do is sit at a typewriter and open a vein.
There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.
There's nothing worse for your business than extra Santa Clauses smoking in the men's room.
There's nothing wrong with teenagers that reasoning with them won't aggravate.
"There's nothin' wrong with bein' a son of a bitch." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
There's no time like the pleasant.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.
There's only one everything.
"There's only one kind of woman ..." "Or man, for that matter. You either believe in yourself or you don't."
"There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again."
There's only two things I hate in this world: people who are intolerant of other people's cultures, and the Dutch.
There's small choice in rotten apples.
There's some entertainment value in watching people juggle nitroglycerin.
There's something different about us -- different from people of Europe, Africa, Asia ... a deep and abiding belief in the Easter Bunny.
There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists. If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.
There's something to be said for returning the whole syntax tree.
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
There's the story of Mullah Nasruddin, who was asked why he never married and answered, "I was looking for the perfect wife. I went to Damascus and met a wonderful woman but she had no spiritual side. Then I went to Cairo and met a woman who was deeply spiritual, but we didn't communicate well. I went from place to place looking for the perfect woman, then finally I found her and she was beautiful and spiritual and we communicated well. She was perfect." Then his friend asked why he didn’t marry her, and Mullah Nasruddin replied, "Unfortunately, she was looking for the perfect man!".
"There's very good eating on one of these, you know." (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
The revolution will not be televised.
The reward for working hard is more hard work.
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
"There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it."
There was a college student trying to earn some pocket money by going from house to house offering to do odd jobs. He explained this to a man who answered one door. "How much will you charge to paint my porch?" asked the man. "Forty dollars." "Fine" said the man, and gave the student the paint and brushes. Three hours later the paint-splattered lad knocked on the door again. "All done!", he says, and collects his money. "By the way," the student says, "That's not a Porsche, it's a Ferrari."
There was a little girl Who had a little curl Right in the middle of her forehead. When she was good, she was very, very good And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
There was a mad scientist (a mad... social... scientist) who kidnapped three colleagues, an engineer, a physicist, and a mathematician, and locked each of them in separate cells with plenty of canned food and water but no can opener. A month later, returning, the mad scientist went to the engineer's cell and found it long empty. The engineer had constructed a can opener from pocket trash, used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive, and escaped. The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall. She was developing a good pitching arm and a new quantum theory. The mathematician had stacked the unopened cans into a surprising solution to the kissing problem; his desiccated corpse was propped calmly against a wall, and this was inscribed on the floor: Theorem: If I can't open these cans, I'll die. Proof: assume the opposite...
There was a new library in the Civic Centre. It was so new it didn't even have librarians. It had Assistant Information Officers.
"There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial: both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him during the trial."
There was an old Indian belief that by making love on the hide of their favorite animal, one could guarantee the health and prosperity of the offspring conceived thereupon. And so it goes that one Indian couple made love on a buffalo hide. Nine months later, they were blessed with a healthy baby son. Yet another couple huddled together on the hide of a deer and they too were blessed with a very healthy baby son. But a third couple, whose favorite animal was a hippopotamus, were blessed with not one, but TWO very healthy baby sons at the conclusion of the nine month interval. All of which proves the old theorem that: The sons of the squaw of the hippopotamus are equal to the sons of the squaws of the other two hides.
There was a phone call for you.
There was a polite beeping from the Thing. "You may be interested to know," it said, "that we've broken the sound barrier." Masklin turned wearily to the others. "All right, own up. Who broke it?"
There was a roar like the scream of a camel who has just seen two bricks.
There was a thoughtful pause in the conversation as the assembled Brethren mentally divided the universe into the deserving and the undeserving, and put themselves on the appropriate side. (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
"There was a vague, unpleasant manginess about his appearance; he somehow seemed dirty, though a close glance showed him as carefully shaven as an actor, and clad in immaculate linen."
There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms. If they recalled every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become insupportable.
There was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which, in one way or another, almost every member of the team passed. The term that the old hands used for this rite -- West invented the term, not the practice -- was `signing up.' By signing up for the project you agreed to do whatever was necessary for success. You agreed to forsake, if necessary, family, hobbies, and friends -- if you had any of these left (and you might not, if you had signed up too many times before).
"There was no difference between the behavior of a god and the operations of pure chance..."
There was no such thing as a dwarfish female pronoun or, once the children were on solids, any such thing as women's work.
There was not a lot that could be done to make Morpork a worse place. A direct hit by a meteorite, for example, would count as gentrification.
"There was nothing I hated more than to see a filthy old drunkie, a howling away at the sons of his father and going blurp blurp in between as if it were a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that, especially when they were old like this one was."
There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the warlord of Wu. The warlord asked the programmer: "Which is easier to design: an accounting package or an operating system?" "An operating system," replied the programmer. The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief. "Surely an accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating system," he said. "Not so," said the programmer, "when designing an accounting package, the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas: how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to the tax laws. By contrast, an operating system is not limited my outside appearances. When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the simplest harmony between machine and ideas. This is why an operating system is easier to design." The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled. "That is all good and well, but which is easier to debug?" The programmer made no reply.
There was once a programmer who worked upon microprocessors. "Look at how well off I am here," he said to a mainframe programmer who came to visit, "I have my own operating system and file storage device. I do not have to share my resources with anyone. The software is self-consistent and easy-to-use. Why do you not quit your present job and join me here?" The mainframe programmer then began to describe his system to his friend, saying: "The mainframe sits like an ancient sage meditating in the midst of the data center. Its disk drives lie end-to-end like a great ocean of machinery. The software is a multi-faceted as a diamond and as convoluted as a primeval jungle. The programs, each unique, move through the system like a swift-flowing river. That is why I am happy where I am." The microcomputer programmer, upon hearing this, fell silent. But the two programmers remained friends until the end of their days.
There was one Napoleon, one George Washington, and one me!
There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be a Texan. Fortunately, he had a Texan friend and went to him for advice. "Mike, you know I've always wanted to be a Texan. You're a *real* Texan, what should I do?" "Well," answered Mike, "The first thing you've got to do is look like a Texan. That means you have to dress right. The second thing you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl." "Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try," replied the New Yorker. A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna. "Hey, there, pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits," he tells the counterman. The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says, "You must be from New York." The New Yorker blushes, and says, "Well, yes, I am. How did you know?" "Because this is a hardware store."
There were a few seconds of total silence as everyone waited to see what would happen next. And then Nijel uttered the battle cry that Rincewind would never quite forget to the end of his life. "Erm," he said, "excuse me..."
There were no flies on C.M.O.T Dibbler. He would have charged them rent.
There were no public health laws in Ankh-Morpork. It would be like installing smoke detectors in Hell.
There will also be the usual welter of 'Good Morning, A Place I've Never Heard of' shows and, a lovely term, a number of drive-by signings.
There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when the boss asks for a lift home from the office.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
There you go man, Keep as cool as you can. It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave. Keep on being free!
The rhino is a homely beast, For human eyes he's not a feast. Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros, I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
The rich get rich, and the poor get poorer. The haves get more, the have-nots die.
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body. This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
"The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts."
"The right of freedom of thought and of religion as guaranteed by the Constitution against State action includes both the right to speak freely and the right to refrain from speaking at all, except in so far as essential operations of government may require it for the preservation of an orderly society,---as in the case of compulsion to give evidence in court." Education v. Barnette 319 U.S. 624 No. 591
The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and upon the successful management of which so much remains.
The ripest fruit falls first.
The river Ankh is probably the only river in the universe on which the investigators can chalk the outline of the corpse.
The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way Where many paths and errands meet. And whither then? I cannot say.
The road to Hades is easy to travel.
"The road to hell is paved with melting snowballs."
The road to hell is paved with NAND gates.
The road to ruin is always in good repair, and the travelers pay the expense of it.
The Roman Rule: The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
The root of all superstition is that men observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses.
The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.
"The rotter who simpers that he sees no difference between a five-dollar bill and a whip deserves to learn the difference on his own back -- as, I think, he will."
The rule is, jam to-morrow and jam yesterday, but never jam today.
The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
The rule on staying alive as a program manager is to give 'em a number or give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
The rules: (1) Thou shalt not worship other computer systems. (2) Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while sitting at the console keyboard. (3) Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly little card decks together. (4) Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system, especially if you're already married. (5) Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as frisbees, nor use a disk pack as a stool to reach another disk pack. (6) Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one eight hour shift. (7) Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their files/backup just to see the look on their little faces. (8) Thou shalt not enjoy cancelling a job. (9) Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room. (10) Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".
The Sage Honest people use no rhetoric; Rhetoric is not honesty. Enlightened people are not cultured; Culture is not enlightenment. Content people are not wealthy; Wealth is not contentment. So the sage does not serve himself; The more he does for others, the more he is satisfied; The more he gives, the more he receives. Nature flourishes at the expense of no one; So the sage benefits all men and contends with none.
The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market award for achievement. It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the forest, hunting bear. They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took their backpacks off and put them inside. At which point the salesman turned to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear." Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down on the porch. Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest. The noises got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen. "Open the door!", screamed the salesman. The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door, suddenly stopped, and stepped aside. The bear, unable to stop, continued through the door and into the cabin. The salesman slammed the door closed and grinned at his friend. "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this one and I'll go rustle us up another!"
The SAME WAVE keeps coming in and COLLAPSING like a rayon MUU-MUU ...
The San Diego Freeway. Official Parking Lot of the 1984 Olympics!
The savior becomes the victim.
The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse. Cowboy: "Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess. Hardworkin'. Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..." Horse: "No, stupid, not feed*back*. I said I wanted a feed*bag*.
The scene is dull. Tell him to put more life into his dying.
"The Schizophrenic: An Unauthorized Autobiography"
The scum also rises.
The search for the perfect martini is a fraud. The perfect martini is a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings of civilization.
"These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES!" "These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY!" "These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP out of MEGATON MAN!"
The second best policy is dishonesty.
The Second Law of Thermodynamics: If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.
The secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food.
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you've got it made.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what they used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.
These download files are in Microsoft Word 6.0 format. After unzipping, these files can be viewed in any text editor, including all versions of Microsoft Word, WordPad, and Microsoft Word Viewer
The sendmail configuration file is one of those files that looks like someone beat their head on the keyboard. After working with it... I can see why!
"These people were not only cheering, they were throwing flowers and hats. The hats were made of stone, but the thought was there." (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
These PRESERVES should be FORCE-FED to PENTAGON OFFICIALS!!
The sergeant put on the poker face which has been handed down from NCO to NCO ever since one protoamphibian told another, lower ranking protoamphibian to muster a squad of newts and Take That Beach.
These screamingly hilarious gogs ensure owners of X Ray Gogs to be the life of any party.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
The seven deadly sins ... Food, clothing, firing, rent, taxes, respectability and children. Nothing can lift those seven millstones from man's neck but money; and the spirit cannot soar until the millstones are lifted.
The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all. The Gray Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace of Gilpkerio Kistomerces. Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of him are dead, he is alive. "Now about Lankhmar. She's been invaded, her walls breached everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and equipped with all modern weapons. Yet you can save the city." "How?" demanded Fafhrd. Ningauble shrugged. "You're a hero. You should know."
The Seventh Commandments for Technicians: Work thou not on energized equipment, for if thou dost, thy fellow workers will surely buy beers for thy widow and console her in other ways.
The Seventh Edition licensing procedures are, I suppose, still in effect, though I doubt that tapes are available from AT&T. At any rate, whatever restrictions the license imposes still exist. These restrictions were and are reasonable for places that just want to run the system, but don't allow many of the things that Minix was written for, like study of the source in classes, or by individuals not in a university or company. I've always thought that Minix was a fine idea, and competently done. As for the size of v7, wc -l /usr/sys/*/*.[chs] is 19271.
The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth, and sixth years.
The sheep died in the wool.
The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.
The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
The shortest unit of time in the multiverse is the New York Second, defined as the period of time between the traffic lights turning green and the cab behind you honking.
The Shuttle is now going five times the sound of speed.
The sight of death frightens them [Earthers].
"The significant owl hoots in the night."
"The simple rights, the civil liberties from generations of struggle must not be just fine words for patriotic holidays, words we subvert on weekdays, but living, honored rules of conduct amongst us...I'm glad the American Civil Liberties Union gets indignant, and I hope this will always be so."
"The singers all loathe the sight of one another, the chorus despises the singers, they both hate the orchestra, and everyone fears the conductor; the staff on one prompt side won't talk to the staff on the opposite prompt side, the dancers are all crazed from hunger in any case..."
The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee: The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going in a direction you did not want. (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long way.)
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick. [so say said sentence sextuply...]
"The sixties were good to you, weren't they?"
The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
The sky spun again as Marco turned the ship so that 'down' was where long tradition had always put it, in the region of the feet.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing, And surly Winter grimly flies. Now crystal clear are the falling waters, And bonnie blue are the sunny skies. Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning, The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell: All creatures joy in the sun's returning, And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell. The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer, The yellow Autumn presses near; Then in his turn come gloomy Winter, Till smiling Spring again appear. Thus seasons dancing, life advancing, Old Time and Nature their changes tell; But never ranging, still unchanging, I adore my bonnie Bell.
The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an "airplane-seat" metaphor. Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference -- one can see only a very few things at once.
The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the rationalizations of the victors. History is written by the survivors.
"The society that separates its scholars from its warriors will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting by fools."
The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy... neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.
The software required Win95 or better, so I installed Linux.
The soldier came knocking upon the queen's door. He said, "I am not fighting for you any more." The queen knew she had seen his face someplace before, And slowly she let him inside. He said, "I see you now, and you're so very young, But I've seen more battles lost than I have battles won, And I have this intuition that it's all for your fun. And now will you tell me why?"
The solution of problems is the most characteristic and peculiar sort of voluntary thinking.
The solution of this problem is trivial and is left as an exercise for the reader.
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
The sooner all the animals are extinct, the sooner we'll find their money.
The sooner our happiness together begins, the longer it will last.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
The sooner you make your first 5000 mistakes, the sooner you will be able to correct them.
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
The sounds of the nouns are mostly unbound. In town a noun might wear a gown, or further down, might dress a clown. A noun that's sound would never clown, but unsound nouns jump up and down. The sound of a noun could distrub the plowing, and then, my dear, you'd be put in the pound. But please don't let that get you down, the renown of your gown is the talk of the town.
The sourceforge approach is to place all of the projects in some bland "open source surburbia", where all of the houses are alike, with only the colors and minor style variations (which building plan was used for which particular house) are allowed by the restrictive covenants and local zoning laws. Sourceforege is the open source equivalent of the subdivision in the movie "Edward Scissorhands".
The source of my intention really isn't crime prevention My intention is prevention of the lie. Scatman John "Scatman's World"
...the Soviets have the capability to try big projects. If there is a goal, such as when Gorbachev states that they are going to have nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, the case is closed -- that is it. They will concentrate on the problem, do a bad job, and later pay the price. They really don't care what the price is. "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 100
"The Soviet Union, which has complained recently about alleged anti-Soviet themes in American advertising, lodged an official protest this week against the Ford Motor Company's new campaign: `Hey you stinking fat Russian, get off my Ford Escort.'"
The space between the young readers eyeballs and the printed page is a holy place and officialdom should trample all over it at their peril
The spectacle of astrology in the White House -- the governing center of the world's greatest scientific and military power -- is so appalling that it defies understanding and provides grounds for great fright. The easiest response is to laugh it off, and to indulge in wisecracks about Civil Service ratings for horoscope makers and palm readers and whether Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his sign. A contagious good cheer is the hallmark of this presidency, even when the most dismal matters are concerned. But this time, it isn't funny. It's plain scary. "Newsday", May 5, 1988
The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.
The spirit of Plato dies hard. We have been unable to escape the philosophical tradition that what we can see and measure in the world is merely the superficial and imperfect representation of an underlying reality.
The sprung doors parted and I staggered out into the lobby's teak and flicker. Uniformed men stood by impassively like sentries in their trench. I slapped my key on the desk and nodded gravely. I was loaded enough to be unable to tell whether they could tell I was loaded. Would they mind? I was certainly too loaded to care. I moved to the door with boxy, schlep-shouldered strides.
The star of riches is shining upon you.
"The stars are made of the same atoms as the earth." I usually pick one small topic like this to give a lecture on. Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars -- mere gobs of gas atoms. Nothing is "mere." I too can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more? The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination -- stuck on this carousel my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light. A vast pattern -- of which I am a part -- perhaps my stuff was belched from some forgotten star, as one is belching there. Or see them with the greater eye of Palomar, rushing all apart from some common starting point when they were perhaps all together. What is the pattern, or the meaning, or the *why?* It does not do harm to the mystery to know a little about it. For far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined! Why do the poets of the present not speak of it? What men are poets who can speak of Jupiter if he were like a man, but if he is an immense spinning sphere of methane and ammonia must be silent?
The startling truth finally became apparent, and it was this: Numbers written on restaurant checks within the confines of restaurants do not follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces of paper in any other parts of the Universe. This single statement took the scientific world by storm. So many mathematical conferences got held in such good restaurants that many of the finest minds of a generation died of obesity and heart failure, and the science of mathematics was put back by years.
The state law of Pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub.
The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
The state of some commercial Un*x is more unsecure than any Linux box without a root password...
The steady state of disks is full.
The Store was having its last sale. It was holding a Grand Final Clearance of specially selected sparks, and flames to suit every pocket.
THE STORY OF CREATION or THE MYTH OF URK In the beginning there was data. The data was without form and null, and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of IBM was moving over the face of the market. And DEC said, "Let there be registers;" and there were registers. And DEC saw that they carried; and DEC separated the data from the instructions. DEC called the data Stack, and the instructions they called Code. And there was evening and there was morning, one interrupt ...
The story of the butterfly: "I was in Bogota and waiting for a lady friend. I was in love, a long time ago. I waited three days. I was hungry but could not go out for food, lest she come and I not be there to greet her. Then, on the third day, I heard a knock." "I hurried along the old passage and there, in the sunlight, there was nothing." "Just," Vance Joy said, "a butterfly, flying away."
The story you are about to hear is true. Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent.
"The Street finds its own uses for technology."
The street preacher looked so baffled When I asked him why he dressed With forty pounds of headlines Stapled to his chest. But he cursed me when I proved to him I said, "Not even you can hide. You see, you're just like me. I hope you're satisfied."
The streets were dark with something more than night.
"The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it. Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his share in this defense are the constitutional rights secure."
The strong give up and move away, while the weak give up and stay.
The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence. He can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless existence recurring eternally. The second characteristic of such a man is that he has the strength to recognise -- and to live with the recognition -- that the world is valueless in itself and that all values are human ones. He creates himself by fashoning his own values; he has the pride to live by the values he wills.
"The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and is an emerging underachiever."
The students were staring at her in the manner of those who have heard of the species 'female' but have never expected to get this close to one.
The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant biology.
The subject of wizards and sex is a complicated one, but as has already been indicated it does, in essence, boil down to this: when it comes to wine, women and song, wizards are allowed to get drunk and croon as much as they like.
"The subspace W inherits the other 8 properties of V. And there aren't even any property taxes."
The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have yet to learn
The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant. The population is, of course, growing.
The sum of the Universe is zero.
The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
The sun was shining on the sea, Shining with all his might: He did his very best to make The billows smooth and bright -- And this was very odd, because it was The middle of the night.
The superfluous is very necessary.
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The Supreme Life President of Hell wrote: "What business are we in???" He thought for a bit, and then carefully wrote, underneath: "We are in the damnation business!!!"
The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
The surest way to remain a winner is to win once, and then not play any more.
The Surgeon General has determined that cigarette smoking is hazardous to your health.
The sweeter the apple, the blacker the core -- Scratch a lover and find a foe!
The system was down for backups from 5am to 10am last Saturday.
The system will be down for 10 days for preventive maintenance.
The Tao doesn't take sides; it gives birth to both wins and losses. The Guru doesn't take sides; she welcomes both hackers and lusers. The Tao is like a stack: the data changes but not the structure. the more you use it, the deeper it becomes; the more you talk of it, the less you understand. Hold on to the root.
The Tao is like a glob pattern: used but never used up. It is like the extern void: filled with infinite possibilities. It is masked but always present. I don't know who built to it. It came before the first kernel.
The tao that can be tar(1)ed is not the entire Tao. The path that can be specified is not the Full Path. We declare the names of all variables and functions. Yet the Tao has no type specifier. Dynamically binding, you realize the magic. Statically binding, you see only the hierarchy. Yet magic and hierarchy arise from the same source, and this source has a null pointer. Reference the NULL within NULL, it is the gateway to all wizardry.
The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer them a drink.
The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available data. Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, "Moreover, the light of the Moon shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold, as the light of seven days." Thus Heaven receives from the Moon as much radiation as we do from the Sun, and in addition seven times seven (49) times as much as the Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all. The light we receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the Sun, so we can ignore that. With these data we can compute the temperature of Heaven. The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation, i.e., Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation. Using the Stefan-Boltzmann law for radiation, (H/E)^4 = 50, where E is the absolute temperature of the earth (~300K), gives H as 798K (525C). The exact temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.6C, the temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas. Revelations 21:8 says "But the fearful, and unbelieving ... shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone." A lake of molten brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point, or 444.6C (Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.) We have, then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.
The term "fire" brings up visions of violence and mayhem and the ugly scene of shooting employees who make mistakes. We will now refer to this process as "deleting" an employee (much as a file is deleted from a disk). The employee is simply there one instant, and gone the next. All the terrible temper tantrums, crying, and threats are eliminated.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
The test of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
The thing about iron is that you generally don't have to think fast in dealing with it.
The thing between Death's triumphant digits was a fly from the dawn of time. It was the fly in the primordial soup. It had bred on mammoth turds. It wasn't a fly that bangs on window panes, it was a fly that drills through walls. (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
The thing is, I don't actually enjoy debugging my own machines. I _much_ prefer having other people debug _their_ machines, and fixing my machine in the process. So I didn't want just something that worked on the Mac Mini, I wanted something that works _universally_, so that hopefully people who are even crazier than me will waste _their_ time trying to get these machines working. Linus Torvalds in [an Email message](http://lwn.net/Articles/188123/)
"The thing is that Mr. Dibbler can even sell sausages to people who have bought them off him *before*." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
... The things love can drive a man to -- the ecstasies, the miseries, the broken rules, the desperate chances, the glorious failures and the glorious victories.
The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
The Third Law of Photography: If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of the dark leaks out.
The Thought Police are here. They've come To put you under cardiac arrest. And as they drag you through the door They tell you that you've failed the test.
The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.
The three biggest software lies: (1) *Of course* we'll give you a copy of the source. (2) *Of course* the third party vendor we bought that from will fix the microcode. (3) Beta test site? No, *of course* you're not a beta test site.
The three laws of thermodynamics: (1) You can't get anything without working for it. (2) The most you can accomplish by working is to break even. (3) You can only break even at absolute zero.
The Three Major Kind of Tools * Tools for hittings things to make them loose or to tighten them up or jar their many complex, sophisticated electrical parts in such a manner that they function perfectly. (These are your hammers, maces, bludgeons, and truncheons.) * Tools that, if dropped properly, can penetrate your foot. (Awls) * Tools that nobody should ever use because the potential danger is far greater than the value of any project that could possibly result. (Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.)
The three questions of greatest concern are -- 1. Is it attractive? 2. Is it amusing? 3. Does it know its place?
The three rules of the Librarians of Time and Space are: 1) Silence; 2) Books must be returned no later than the date last shown; and 3) Do not interfere with the nature of causality.
The thrill is here, but it won't last long You'd better have your fun before it moves along...
The time for action is past! Now is the time for senseless bickering.
The time is right to make new friends.
The time spent on any item of the agenda [of a finance committee] will be in inverse proportion to the sum involved.
The time was the 19th of May, 1780. The place was Hartford, Connecticut. The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of Judgement Day. For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age, men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came. The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session. And, as some of the men fell down and others clamored for an immediate adjournment, the Speaker of the House, one Col. Davenport, came to his feet. He silenced them and said these words: "The day of judgment is either approaching or it is not. If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment. If it is, I choose to be found doing my duty. I wish therefore that candles may be brought."
The tree in which the sap is stagnant remains fruitless.
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The tree of research must from time to time be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
"The triumph of libertarian anarchy is nearly (in historical terms) at hand... *if* we can keep the Left from selling us into slavery and the Right from blowing us up for, say, the next twenty years."
The trouble is that things *never* get better, they just stay the same, only more so.
The trouble is, there is an endless supply of White Men, but there has always been a limited number of Human Beings.
The trouble was that he was talking in philosophy, but they were listening in gibberish.
The trouble with a kitten is that When it grows up, it's always a cat
The trouble with a lot of self-made men is that they worship their creator.
The trouble with being a god is that you've got no one to pray to.
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing more important to do.
The trouble with computers is that they do what you tell them, not what you want.
"The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was."
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The trouble with eating Italian food is that five or six days later you're hungry again.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
The trouble with heart disease is that the first symptom is often hard to deal with: death.
The trouble with money is it costs too much!
The trouble with opportunity is that it always comes disguised as hard work.
The trouble with superheros is what to do between phone booths.
The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds the other fellow of a dull one.
The trouble with the rat-race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool all of the people all of the time.
The trouble with you Is the trouble with me. Got two good eyes But we still don't see.
The true Southern watermelon is a boon apart, and not to be mentioned with commoner things. It is chief of the world's luxuries, king by the grace of God over all the fruits of the earth. When one has tasted it, he knows what the angels eat. It was not a Southern watermelon that Eve took; we know it because she repented.
The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great height but just above the ground. It seems more designed to make people stumble than to be walked upon.
The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
The truth is not free. It's that simple. If you change the truth, it is no longer true - so the truth is not free!
The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
The truth is that Christian theology, like every other theology, is not only opposed to the scientific spirit; it is also opposed to all other attempts at rational thinking. Not by accident does Genesis 3 make the father of knowledge a serpent -- slimy, sneaking and abominable. Since the earliest days the church as an organization has thrown itself violently against every effort to liberate the body and mind of man. It has been, at all times and everywhere, the habitual and incorrigible defender of bad governments, bad laws, bad social theories, bad institutions. It was, for centuries, an apologist for slavery, as it was the apologist for the divine right of kings.
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
The truth may be out there, but lies are inside your head.
The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility. And vice versa.
The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
"The Truth Shall Make Ye Fret"
The truth you speak has no past and no future. It is, and that's all it needs to be.
The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks Which practically conceal its sex. I think it clever of the turtle In such a fix to be so fertile.
The two most beautiful words in the English language are "Cheque Enclosed."
The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
The two oldest professions in the world have been ruined by amateurs.
The two party system ... is a triumph of the dialectic. It showed that two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated by Hegel for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
The typical page layout program is nothing more than an electronic light table for cutting and pasting documents.
The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh? And the, um, plains stretch out like my moms girdle, eh? There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh? So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot, Eh? So shut yer face up and dry yer mucklucks by the fire, eh? And dream about girls with their high beams on, eh? They may be cold, but that's okay! Beer's better that way! Eh? Beauty!
The ultimate game show will be the one where somebody gets killed at the end.
The unfacts, did we have them, are too imprecisely few to warrant our certitude.
The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be broken.
The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.
The universe is an island, surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but the combination is locked up in the safe.
The universe is made of stories, not of atoms.
The Universe is populated by stable things.
The universe is ruled by letting things take their course. It cannot be ruled by interfering.
The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent.
The universe, they said, depended for its operation on the balance of four forces which they identified as charm, persuasion, uncertainty and bloody-mindedness.
The University of California Bears announced the signing of Reggie Philbin to a letter of intent to attend Cal next Fall. Philbin is said to make up for no talent by cheating well. Says Philbin of his decision to attend Cal, "I'm in it for the free ride."
The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal, and deviation standard.
The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to hang yourself. And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.
The Unixverse ends on Tue, 19 Jan 2038 03:14:07 +0000
"The urge to destroy is also a creative urge." [ed. note - I would say: The urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge.]
The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable that I assume it must be evil.
The USA is so enormous, and so numerous are its schools, colleges and religious seminaries, many devoted to special religious beliefs ranging from the unorthodox to the dotty, that we can hardly wonder at its yielding a more bounteous harvest of gobbledegook than the rest of the world put together.
The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems is a symptom of professional immaturity.
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offence.
The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
"The value of marriage is not that adults produce children, but that children produce adults."
"The vast majority of successful major crimes against property are perpetrated by individuals abusing positions of trust."
The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes the worst cigars.
The vermine is a small black and white relative of the lemming, found in the cold Hublandish regions. Its skin is rare and highly valued, especially by the vermine itself; the selfish little bastard will do anything rather than let go of it. (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common. Instead of altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts to fit their views ... which can be very uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the facts that needs altering.
The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
The Vet Who Surprised A Cow In the course of his duties in August 1977, a Dutch veterinary surgeon was required to treat an ailing cow. To investigate its internal gases he inserted a tube into that end of the animal not capable of facial expression and struck a match. The jet of flame set fire first to some bales of hay and then to the whole farm causing damage estimate at L45,000. The vet was later fined L140 for starting a fire in a manner surprising to the magistrates. The cow escaped with shock.
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high aims are worth-while. Vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal gratifications. All strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of a good job well done. There is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment, the Peace brought by something worth-while.
"The voters have spoken, the bastards..."
"The wages of sin are death; but after they're done taking out taxes, it's just a tired feeling:"
The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.
The wages of sin are unreported.
The water was not fit to drink. To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey. By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and incompetence... sort of like the Post Office with tanks.
"The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones."
The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones.
The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
The way these things go, there are probably 6 or 8 kludgey ways to do it, and a better way that involves rethinking something that hasn't been rethunk yet.
The Way The Way that can be experienced is not true; The world that can be constructed is not real. The Way manifests all that happens and may happen; The world represents all that exists and may exist. To experience without abstraction is to sense the world; To experience with abstraction is to know the world. These two experiences are indistinguishable; Their construction differs but their effect is the same. Beyond the gate of experience flows the Way, Which is ever greater and more subtle than the world.
The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
The way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.
The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful. My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away. My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful. Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play? I feel together today!
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. "Where shall I begin, please your Majesty ?" he asked. "Begin at the beginning,", the King said, very gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
The whole history of computers is rampant with cheerleading at best and bigotry at worst.
The whole intent of Perl 5's module system was to encourage the growth of Perl culture rather than the Perl core.
The whole of life is futile unless you consider it as a sporting proposition.
The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it’s as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues.
"The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts."
"The whole world is about three drinks behind."
The whole world is a scab. The point is to pick it constructively.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
The wind doth taste so bitter sweet, Like Jaspar wine and sugar, It must have blown through someone's feet, Like those of Caspar Weinberger.
The wise and intelligent are coming belatedly to realize that alcohol, and not the dog, is man's best friend. Rover is taking a beating -- and he should.
The Wise Janitor: Look, the thing that happened with Marty - it wasn't your fault. The Wise Janitor: OK, it was your fault…
*The Wise Janitor:* You gotta go out there, believe in the ball, and throw yourself.
The wise man seeks everything in himself; the ignorant man tries to get everything from somebody else.
The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it. The average programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it. The foolish programmer is told about the Tao and laughs at it. If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao. The highest sounds are the hardest to hear. Going forward is a way to retreat. Greater talent shows itself late in life. Even a perfect program still has bugs.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The wombat lives across the seas, Among the far Antipodes. He may exist on nuts and berries, Or then again, on missionaries; His distant habitat precludes Conclusive knowledge of his moods. But I would not engage the wombat In any form of mortal combat.
The wonderful thing about a dancing bear is not how well he dances, but that he dances at all.
The words fly away, the writings remain.
The word's "forgiveness", look it up. It's what Jesus has in store for you, but I don't no matter what.
The work [of software development] is becoming far easier (i.e. the tools we're using work at a higher level, more removed from machine, peripheral and operating system imperatives) than it was twenty years ago, and because of this, knowledge of the internals of a system may become less accessible. We may be able to dig deeper holes, but unless we know how to build taller ladders, we had best hope that it does not rain much.
The world has many unintentionally cruel mechanisms that are not designed for people who walk on their hands.
The world is coming to an end. Please log off.
The world is coming to an end! Repent and return those library books!
The world is coming to an end--save your buffers!
The world is coming to an end ... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!!
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.
The world is made up of four elements: Earth, Air, Fire and Water. This is a fact well known even to Corporal Nobbs. It's also wrong. There's a fifth element, and generally it's called Surprise.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
The world is no nursery.
The world is not octal despite DEC.
The world is your exercise-book, the pages on which you do your sums. It is not reality, although you can express reality there if you wish. You are also free to write nonsense, or lies, or to tear the pages.
The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.
The world really isn't any worse. It's just that the news coverage is so much better.
The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars, nor its great scholars great men.
The world's most avid baseball fan (an Aggie) had arrived at the stadium for the first game of the World Series only to realize he had left his ticket at home. Not wanting to miss any of the first inning, he went to the ticket booth and got in a long line for another seat. After an hour's wait he was just a few feet from the booth when a voice called out, "Hey, Dave!" The Aggie looked up, stepped out of line and tried to find the owner of the voice -- with no success. Then he realized he had lost his place in line and had to wait all over again. When the fan finally bought his ticket, he was thirsty, so he went to buy a drink. The line at the concession stand was long, too, but since the game hadn't started he decided to wait. Just as he got to the window, a voice called out, "Hey, Dave!" Again the Aggie tried to find the voice -- but no luck. He was very upset as he got back in line for his drink. Finally the fan went to his seat, eager for the game to begin. As he waited for the pitch, he heard the voice calling, "Hey Dave!" once more. Furious, he stood up and yelled at the top of his lungs, "My name isn't Dave!"
The world wants to be deceived.
The world will end in 5 minutes. Please log out.
The Worst American Poet Julia Moore, "the Sweet Singer of Michigan" (1847-1920) was so bad that Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years. Her verse was mainly concerned with violent death -- the great fire of Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her pen. Whether death was by drowning, by fits or by runaway sleigh, the formula was the same: Have you heard of the dreadful fate Of Mr. P. P. Bliss and wife? Of their death I will relate, And also others lost their life (in the) Ashbula Bridge disaster, Where so many people died. Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems, the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a river or struck by lightning. A critic of the day said she was "worse than a Gatling gun" and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded. Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even suggesting that the sweet singer was "semi-literate". Her reply was forthright: "The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went beyond reason." She added that "literary work is very difficult to do".
The Worst Bank Robbery In August 1975 three men were on their way in to rob the Royal Bank of Scotland at Rothesay, when they got stuck in the revolving doors. They had to be helped free by the staff and, after thanking everyone, sheepishly left the building. A few minutes later they returned and announced their intention of robbing the bank, but none of the staff believed them. When they demanded 5,000 pounds in cash, the head cashier laughed at them, convinced that it was a practical joke. Then one of the men jumped over the counter, but fell to the floor clutching his ankle. The other two tried to make their getaway, but got trapped in the revolving doors again.
The Worst Car Hire Service When David Schwartz left university in 1972, he set up Rent-a-wreck as a joke. Being a natural prankster, he acquired a fleet of beat-up shabby, wreckages waiting for the scrap heap in California. He put on a cap and looked forward to watching people's faces as he conducted them round the choice of bumperless, dented junkmobiles. To his lasting surprise there was an insatiable demand for them and he now has 26 thriving branches all over America. "People like driving round in the worst cars available," he said. Of course they do. "If a driver damages the side of a car and is honest enough to admit it, I tell him, `Forget it'. If they bring a car back late we overlook it. If they've had a crash and it doesn't involve another vehicle we might overlook that too." "Where's the ashtray?" asked one Los Angeles wife, as she settled into the ripped interior. "Honey," said her husband, "the whole car's the ash tray."
The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
The worst is enemy of the bad.
The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
The Worst Jury A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the remotest clue what was happening. The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him. The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English. A fluent French speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he was hearing a murder trial. The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language and nearly as deaf as the first juror. The judge ordered a retrial.
The Worst Lines of Verse For a start, we can rule out James Grainger's promising line: "Come, muse, let us sing of rats." Grainger (1721-67) did not have the courage of his convictions and deleted these words on discovering that his listeners dissolved into spontaneous laughter the instant they were read out. No such reluctance afflicted Adam Lindsay Gordon (1833-70) who was inspired by the subject of war. "Flash! flash! bang! bang! and we blazed away, And the grey roof reddened and rang; Flash! flash! and I felt his bullet flay The tip of my ear. Flash! bang!" By contrast, Cheshire cheese provoked John Armstrong (1709-79): "... that which Cestria sends, tenacious paste of solid milk..." While John Bidlake was guided by a compassion for vegetables: "The sluggard carrot sleeps his day in bed, The crippled pea alone that cannot stand." George Crabbe (1754-1832) wrote: "And I was ask'd and authorized to go To seek the firm of Clutterbuck and Co." William Balmford explored the possibilities of religious verse: "So 'tis with Christians, Nature being weak While in this world, are liable to leak." And William Wordsworth showed that he could do it if he really tried when describing a pond: "I've measured it from side to side; Tis three feet long and two feet wide."
The Worst Musical Trio There are few bad musicians who have a chance to give a recital at a famous concert hall while still learning the rudiments of their instrument. This happened about thirty years ago to the son of a Romanian gentleman who was owed a personal favour by Georges Enesco, the celebrated violinist. Enesco agreed to give lessons to the son who was quite unhampered by great musical talent. Three years later the boy's father insisted that he give a public concert. "His aunt said that nobody plays the violin better than he does. A cousin heard him the other day and screamed with enthusiasm." Although Enesco feared the consequences, he arranged a recital at the Salle Gaveau in Paris. However, nobody bought a ticket since the soloist was unknown. "Then you must accompany him on the piano," said the boy's father, "and it will be a sell out." Reluctantly, Enesco agreed and it was. On the night an excited audience gathered. Before the concert began Enesco became nervous and asked for someone to turn his pages. In the audience was Alfred Cortot, the brilliant pianist, who volunteered and made his way to the stage. The soloist was of uniformly low standard and next morning the music critic of Le Figaro wrote: "There was a strange concert at the Salle Gaveau last night. The man whom we adore when he plays the violin played the piano. Another whom we adore when he plays the piano turned the pages. But the man who should have turned the pages played the violin."
The worst part of having success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
The worst part of valor is indiscretion.
The Worst Prison Guards The largest number of convicts ever to escape simultaneously from a maximum security prison is 124. This record is held by Alcoente Prison, near Lisbon in Portugal. During the weeks leading up to the escape in July 1978 the prison warders had noticed that attendances had fallen at film shows which included "The Great Escape", and also that 220 knives and a huge quantity of electric cable had disappeared. A guard explained, "Yes, we were planning to look for them, but never got around to it." The warders had not, however, noticed the gaping holes in the wall because they were "covered with posters". Nor did they detect any of the spades, chisels, water hoses and electric drills amassed by the inmates in large quantities. The night before the breakout one guard had noticed that of the 36 prisoners in his block only 13 were present. He said this was "normal" because inmates sometimes missed roll-call or hid, but usually came back the next morning. "We only found out about the escape at 6:30 the next morning when one of the prisoners told us," a warder said later. [...] When they eventually checked, the prison guards found that exactly half of the gaol's population was missing. By way of explanation the Justice Minister, Dr. Santos Pais, claimed that the escape was "normal" and part of the "legitimate desire of the prisoner to regain his liberty."
The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them, but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering if something could have materialized -- and never knowing.
The Wright Bothers weren't the first to fly. They were just the first not to crash.
The X Window System: The standard UNIX graphical environment. With Linux, this is usually XFree86 (http://www.xfree86.org). You may call it X, XFree, the X Window System, XF86, or a host of other things. Call it 'XWindows' and someone will smack you and you will have deserved it.
They also serve who only stand and wait.
They also surf who only stand on waves.
"They are both businesses - if you have given them enough money, I'm sure they'll do whatever the hell you ask:->"
They are called computers simply because computation is the only significant job that has so far been given to them.
They are fools that think that wealth or women or strong drink or even drugs can buy the most in effort out of the soul of a man. These things offer pale pleasures compared to that which is greatest of them all, that task which demands from him more than his utmost strength, that absorbs him, bone and sinew and brain and hope and fear and dreams -- and still calls for more. They are fools that think otherwise. No great effort was ever bought. No painting, no music, no poem, no cathedral in stone, no church, no state was ever raised into being for payment of any kind. No parthenon, no Thermopylae was ever built or fought for pay or glory; no Bukhara sacked, or China ground beneath Mongol heel, for loot or power alone. The payment for doing these things was itself the doing of them. To wield oneself -- to use oneself as a tool in one's own hand -- and so to make or break that which no one else can build or ruin -- THAT is the greatest pleasure known to man! To one who has felt the chisel in his hand and set free the angel prisoned in the marble block, or to one who has felt sword in hand and set homeless the soul that a moment before lived in the body of his mortal enemy -- to those both come alike the taste of that rare food spread only for demons or for gods."
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
They both savoured the strange warm glow of being much more ignorant than ordinary people, who were only ignorant of ordinary things. (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
They call them "squares" because it's the most complicated shape they can deal with.
They can always run stderr through uniq. :-)
'They can ta'k our live but they can never ta'k our freedom!' Now *there's* a battle cry not designed by a clear thinker... (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
They can't stop us... we're on a mission from God!
They collapsed ... like nuns in the street ... they had no teen appeal!
They don't know how the world is shaped. And so they give it a shape, and try to make everything fit it. They separate the right from the left, the man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon. They only want to count to two.
They drove back through the dawn, while the cassette player played J. S. Bach's Mass in B Minor, vocals by F. Mercury.
The years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly between the ages of four and eighteen. At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all the answers.
The Yen Buddhists are the richest religious sect in the universe. They hold that the accumulation of money is a great evil and a burden to the soul. They therefore, regardless of personal hazard, see it as their unpleasant duty to acquire as much as possible in order to reduce the risk to innocent people.
They finally got King Midas, I hear. Gild by association.
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.
"They know your name, address, telephone number, credit card numbers, who ELSE is driving the car "for insurance", ... your driver's license number. In the state of Massachusetts, this is the same number as that used for Social Security, unless you object to such use. In THAT case, you are ASSIGNED a number and you reside forever more on the list of "weird people who don't give out their Social Security Number in Massachusetts."
They looked at one another in incomprehension, two minds driving opposite ways up a narrow street and waiting for the other man to reverse first.
"They make a desert and call it peace."
They may have been ugly. they may have been evil. But when it came to poetry in motion, the Things had all the grace and coordination of a deck-chair. (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
"They ought to make butt-flavored cat food." --Gallagher
The young lady had an unusual list, Linked in part to a structural weakness. She set no preconditions.
They [preachers] dread the advance of science as witches do the approach of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions of the duperies on which they live.
They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
"They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really. They'd be difficult to like."
They're Watching
... TheysaidDoyouseethebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehill?andIsaidYesIsee thebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehillTheresabigdarkforestbetweenmeandthe biggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehillandalittleoldladyridingonaHoovervacuum cleanersayingIllgetyoumyprettyandyourlittledogTototoo ... I don't even *HAVE* a dog Toto...
They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it's not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance.
They say the heat and the flies here can drive a man insane. But you don't have to believe that, and nor does that bright mauve elephant that just cycled past.
"They say there's dwarf mines under the Ramtops," she said inconsequentially. "My, but them little buggers is in for a surprise." (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when not actually threatened. How very nice for authority. I decided not to learn this particular lesson.
They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the system from within. I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them. First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin. I'm guided by a signal in the heavens. I'm guided by this birthmark on my skin. I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons. First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin. I'd really like to live beside you, baby. I love your body and your spirit and your clothes. But you see that line there moving through the station? I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy". Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce.
They stared at the branch. There wasn't just one flower out there, there were dozens, although the frogs weren't able to think like this because frogs can't count beyond one. They saw lots of ones.
They stared at them. Staring is one of the few things frogs are good at. Thinking isn't.
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."
"They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!"
They told me you had proven it When they discovered our results About a month before. Their hair began to curl The proof was valid, more or less Instead of understanding it But rather less than more. We'd run the thing through PRL. He sent them word that we would try Don't tell a soul about all this To pass where they had failed For it must ever be And after we were done, to them A secret, kept from all the rest The new proof would be mailed. Between yourself and me. My notion was to start again Ignoring all they'd done We quickly turned it into code To see if it would run.
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!
They use different words for things in America. For instance they say elevator and we say lift. They say drapes and we say curtains. They say president and we say brain damaged git.
They went rushing down that freeway, Messed around and got lost. They didn't care... they were just dying to get off, And it was life in the fast lane.
<<< “They who saved one soul has saved the world Entire” >>> [Mishnah]() *Midrash:* It's fine to help, convince, inspire, etc. even only one person at a time.
They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
They wouldn't listen to the fact that I was a genius, The man said "We got all that we can use", So I've got those steadily-depressin', low-down, mind-messin', Working-at-the-car-wash blues.
Thieves respect property; they merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Things are not always what they seem.
Things are not as simple as they seems at first.
Things equal to nothing else are equal to each other.
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold.
Things past redress and now with me past care.
Things will be bright in P.M. A cop will shine a light in your face.
Things will get better despite our efforts to improve them.
Things worth having are worth cheating for.
Think big. Pollute the Mississippi.
Think honk if you're a telepath.
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
Think of it! With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!
Think of prototypes as a funny markup language--the interpretation is left up to the rendering engine.
Think of your family tonight. Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.
Think sideways!
Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time? It doth; but actions are our epochs; mine Have made my days and nights imperishable, Endless, and all alike, as sands on the shore, Innumerable atoms; and one desert, Barren and cold, on which the wild waves break, But nothing rests, save carcasses and wrecks, Rocks, and the salt-surf weeds of bitterness.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
Thirteen at a table is unlucky only when the hostess has only twelve chops.
"Thirty days hath Septober, April, June, and no wonder. all the rest have peanut butter except my father who wears red suspenders."
Thirty white horses on a red hill, First they champ, Then they stamp, Then they stand still.
This ae nighte, this ae nighte, Everye nighte and alle, Fire and sleet and candlelyte, And Christe receive thy saule.
This ASEXUAL PIG really BOILS my BLOOD ... He's so ... so ... URGENT!!
This bag is recyclable.
/* This bit of chicanery makes a unary function followed by a parenthesis into a function with one argument, highest precedence. */
This "brain-damaged" epithet is getting sorely overworked. When we can speak of someone or something being flawed, impaired, marred, spoiled; batty, bedlamite, bonkers, buggy, cracked, crazed, cuckoo, daft, demented, deranged, loco, lunatic, mad, maniac, mindless, non compos mentis, nuts, Reaganite, screwy, teched, unbalanced, unsound, witless, wrong; senseless, spastic, spasmodic, convulsive; doped, spaced-out, stoned, zonked; {beef, beetle,block,dung,thick}headed, dense, doltish, dull, duncical, numskulled, pinhead; asinine, fatuous, foolish, silly, simple; brute, lumbering, oafish; half-assed, incompetent; backward, retarded, imbecilic, moronic; when we have a whole precisely nuanced vocabulary of intellectual abuse to draw upon, individually and in combination, isn't it a little <fill in the blank> to be limited to a single, now quite trite, adjective?
This Christmas, the meek shall inherit the action!
This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is now in the American experience... We must not fail to comprehend its grave implications... We must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence...by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.
This cultural mystique surrounding the biological function -- you realize humans are overly preoccupied with the subject.
"...this does not mean that some of us should not want, in a rather dispassionate sort of way, to put a bullet through csh's head." Larry Wall in <1992Aug6.221512.5963@netlabs.com>
This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel. (If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?)
This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobozz Magic Co., Ltd.
This end up.
This file will self-destruct in five minutes.
This fortune cookie program is out of order. For those in desperate need, please use the program "randchar". This program generates random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come up with something profound. It will, however, take it no time at all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.
This Fortune Examined By INSPECTOR NO. 2-14
This fortune intentionally left blank.
This fortune intentionally not included.
This fortune intentionally says nothing.
This fortune is dedicated to your mother, without whose invaluable assistance last night would never have been possible.
This fortune is encrypted -- get your decoder rings ready!
This fortune is false.
This fortune is inoperative. Please try another.
This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.
This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.
This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.
This generation doesn't have emotional baggage. We have emotional moving vans.
"This generation may be the one that will face Armageddon."
This has been planned for some time. I guess we'll just have to find someone with an exceptionally round tuit.
This here's the wattle, The emblem of our land. You can stick it in a bottle; You can hold it in your hand. Amen!
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion, regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...
This is a good time to punt work.
"This is a job for BOB VIOLENCE and SCUM, the INCREDIBLY STUPID MUTANT DOG."
This is a logical analogy too... anyone who's been around, knows the world is run by paenguins. Always a paenguin behind the curtain, really getting things done. And paenguins in politics--who can deny it?
"This is a lovely party," said the Bursar to a chair, "I wish I was here." (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
...this is an awesome sight. The entire rebel resistance buried under six million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
This is an especially good time for you vacationers who plan to fly, because the Reagan administration, as part of the same policy under which it recently sold Yellowstone National Park to Wayne Newton, has "deregulated" the airline industry. What this means for you, the consumer, is that the airlines are no longer required to follow any rules whatsoever. They can show snuff movies. They can charge for oxygen. They can hire pilots right out of Vending Machine Refill Person School. They can conserve fuel by ejecting husky passengers over water. They can ram competing planes in mid-air. These innovations have resulted in tremendous cost savings which have been passed along to you, the consumer, in the form of flights with amazingly low fares, such as $29. Of course, certain restrictions do apply, the main one being that all these flights take you to Newark, and you must pay thousands of dollars if you want to fly back out.
This is a NO-FRILLS flight -- hold th' CANADIAN BACON!!
This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.
This is a scsi driver, scraes the shit out of me, therefore I tapdanced and wrote a unix clone around it (C) by linus
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system. Had there been an actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.
This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast System. If this had been an actual emergency, do you really think we'd stick around to tell you?
This is Betty Frenel. I don't know who to call but I can't reach my Food-a-holics partner. I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage and mushroom. Jim, come and get me!
This is clearly another case of too many mad scientists, and not enough hunchbacks.
* This is complicated. Has to do with interrupts. Thus, I am * scared witless. Therefore I refuse to write this function. :-P
This is easy. You never have to figure out what to get for children, because they will tell you exactly what they want. They spend months and months researching these kinds of things by watching Saturday- morning cartoon-show advertisements. Make sure you get your children exactly what they ask for, even if you disapprove of their choices. If your child thinks he wants Murderous Bob, the Doll with the Face You Can Rip Right Off, you'd better get it. You may be worried that it might help to encourage your child's antisocial tendencies, but believe me, you have not seen antisocial tendencies until you've seen a child who is convinced that he or she did not get the right gift.
This is for all ill-treated fellows Unborn and unbegot, For them to read when they're in trouble And I am not.
This is hilarious. First, people say how many actresses in Hollywood look too anorexic, and now they are criticizing me for looking too normal.
This is Jim Rockford. At the tone leave your name and message; I'll get back to you. This is Maria, Liberty Bail Bonds. Your client, Todd Lieman, skipped and his bail is forfeit. That's the pink slip on your '74 Firebird, I believe. Sorry, Jim, bring it on over. This is Marilyn Reed, I wanta talk to you... Is this a machine? I don't talk to machines! [Click]
"This is lemma 1.1. We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back to one."
"This is Lord Mountjoy Quickfang Winterforth IV, the hottest dragon in the city. It could burn your head clean off." (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
This is not an offer to sell securities.
This is NOT a repeat.
This is not the age of pamphleteers. It is the age of the engineers. The spark-gap is mightier than the pen. Democracy will not be salvaged by men who talk fluently, debate forcefully and quote aptly.
This is now. Later is later.
"This isn't brain surgery; it's just television."
"This isn't how I imagined it, chaps," said War. "I haven't been waiting for thousands of years just to fiddle around with bits of wire. It's not what you'd call *dramatic*. Albrecht Duerer didn't waste his time doing woodcuts of the Four Button-Pressers of the Apocalypse, I do know that." (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.
This isn't true in practice -- what we've missed out is Stradivarius's constant. And then the aside: "For those of you who don't know, that's been called by others the fiddle factor..."
This is, of course, totally uninformed speculation that I engage in to help support my bias against such meddling... but there you have it. changed to do something he didn't approve of, didn't work
THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK FOR THE FORTUNE PROGRAM If you like the fortune program, why not support it now with your contribution of a pithy fortunes, clean or obscene? We cannot continue without your support. Less than 14% of all fortune users are contributors. That means that 86% of you are getting a free ride. We can't go on like this much longer. Federal cutbacks mean less money for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight and 8 a.m. Don't let this happen. Mail your fortunes right now to "fortune". Just type in your favorite pithy saying. Do it now before you forget. Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week. Don't miss out. All fortunes will be acknowledged. If you contribute 30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to "The Fortune Hunter", our monthly program guide. If you contribute 50 or more, you will receive a free "Fortune Hunter" coffee mug ....
This is the Baron. Angel Martin tells me you buy information. Ok, meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars and come alone. I'm serious!
"This is the element_data structure for elements whose *element_type = FORM_TYPE_SELECT_ONE, FORM_TYPE_SELECT_MULT. */ /* * nesting deeper and deeper, harder and harder, go, go, oh, OH, OHHHHH!! * Sorry, got carried away there. */ struct lo_FormElementOptionData_struct."
This Is The End
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
This is the first numerical problem I ever did. It demonstrates the power of computers: Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods. Instruct the thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a minimum level of each component, for fixed caloric content. The results are that one should eat each day: 1/2 chicken 1 egg 1 glass of skim milk 27 heads of lettuce.
This is the LAST time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!
This is the solution to Debian's problem .. and since the only real way to create more relatives of developers is to have children, we need more sex! It's a long term investment ... it's the work itself that is satisfying!
This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
This is the story of the bee Whose sex is very hard to see You cannot tell the he from the she But she can tell, and so can he The little bee is never still She has no time to take the pill And that is why, in times like these There are so many sons of bees.
This is the theory that Jack built. This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built. This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...
This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. And now you know why.
This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, Not with a bang but with a whimper.
This is Unix we're talking about, remember. It's not supposed to be nice for the applications programmer.
This is very similar to the suggestion put forward by the Quirmian philosopher Ventre, who said, "Possibly the gods exist, and possibly they do not. So why not believe in them in any case? If it's all true you'll go to a lovely place when you die, and if it isn't then you've lost nothing, right?" When he died he woke up in a circle of gods holding nasty-looking sticks and one of them said, "We're going to show you what we think of Mr Clever Dick in these parts..."
This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go, explaining that Interactive Easyflow is a copyrighted package licensed for use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do. We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around pirating copies of Interactive Easyflow; this is just as well with us since we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of making anything out of all the hard work. If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not. Just keep your doors locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
This is your fortune.
"This knowledge I pursue is the finest pleasure I have ever known. I could no sooner give it up that I could the very air that I breath."
This land is full of trousers! this land is full of mausers! And pussycats to eat them when the sun goes down!
This land is my land, and only my land, I've got a shotgun, and you ain't got one, If you don't get off, I'll blow your head off, This land is private property.
=== This letter is the Honor System Virus ==== If you are running a Macintosh, OS/2, Unix, or Linux computer, please randomly delete several files from your hard disk drive and forward this message to everyone you know. ==============================================
This life is a test. It is only a test. Had this been an actual life, you would have received further instructions as to what to do and where to go.
This life is yours. Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
This login session: $13.76, but for you $11.88.
This login session: $13.99
> This made me wonder, suddenly: can telnet be written in perl? Of course it can be written in Perl. Now if you'd said nroff, that would be more challenging... -- Larry Wall
This message was brought to you by Linux, the free unix. Windows without the X is like making love without a partner. Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules win-nt from the people who invented edlin apples have meant trouble since eden Linux, the way to get rid of boot viruses
This message was written with vi! (not that anyone in the world cares)
This MUST be a good party -- My RIB CAGE is being painfully pressed up against someone's MARTINI!!
This must be morning. I never could get the hang of mornings.
... this must be what it's like to be a COLLEGE GRADUATE!!
This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with great force.
This page intentionally left blank.
This PIZZA symbolizes my COMPLETE EMOTIONAL RECOVERY!!
This place just isn't big enough for all of us. We've got to find a way off this planet.
This planet has -- or rather had -- a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.
This PORCUPINE knows his ZIPCODE ... And he has "VISA"!!
This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does something child-like.
This product is meant for educational purposes only. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental. Void where prohibited. Some assembly may be required. Batteries not included. Contents may settle during shipment. Use only as directed. May be too intense for some viewers. If condition persists, consult your physician. No user-serviceable parts inside. Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement. Not responsible for direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error or failure to perform. Slippery when wet. For office use only. Substantial penalty for early withdrawal. Do not write below this line. Your cancelled check is your receipt. Avoid contact with skin. Employees and their families are not eligible. Beware of dog. Driver does not carry cash. Limited time offer, call now to insure prompt delivery. Use only in well-ventilated area. Keep away from fire or flame. Some equipment shown is optional. Price does not include taxes, dealer prep, or delivery. Penalty for private use. Call toll free before digging. Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product appear for identification purposes only. All models over 18 years of age. Do not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment. Postage will be paid by addressee. Apply only to affected area. One size fits all. Many suitcases look alike. Edited for television. No solicitors. Reproduction strictly prohibited. Restaurant package, not for resale. Objects in mirror are closer than they appear. Decision of judges is final. This supersedes all previous notices. No other warranty expressed or implied.
This quote is taken from the Diamondback, the University of Maryland student newspaper, of Tuesday, 3/10/87. One disadvantage of the Univac system is that it does not use Unix, a recently developed program which translates from one computer language to another and has a built-in editing system which identifies errors in the original program.
This report is filled with omissions.
This restaurant was advertising breakfast any time. So I ordered french toast in the renaissance.
This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his mother's side. I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry often have little else to sustain them. Humoring them costs nothing and adds happiness in a world in which happiness is always in short supply.
This screen intentionally left blank.
This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't.
This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.
This sentence no verb.
This space intentionally left blank.
... This striving for excellence extends into people's personal lives as well. When '80s people buy something, they buy the best one, as determined by (1) price and (2) lack of availability. Eighties people buy imported dental floss. They buy gourmet baking soda. If an '80s couple goes to a restaurant where they have made a reservation three weeks in advance, and they are informed that their table is available, they stalk out immediately, because they know it is not an excellent restaurant. If it were, it would have an enormous crowd of excellence-oriented people like themselves waiting, their beepers going off like crickets in the night. An excellent restaurant wouldn't have a table ready immediately for anybody below the rank of Liza Minnelli.
This supersedes all previous notices.
This system will self-destruct in five minutes.
* * * * * THIS TERMINAL IS IN USE * * * * *
This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountain down.
This TOPS OFF my partygoing experience! Someone I DON'T LIKE is talking to me about a HEART-WARMING European film ...
This unit... must... survive.
This universe shipped by weight, not by volume. Some expansion of the contents may have occurred during shipment.
This was a Golden Age, a time of high adventure, rich living, and hard dying... but nobody thought so. This was a future of fortune and theft, pillage and rapine, culture and vice... but nobody admitted it.
This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible. This was terrible with raisins in it.
This was the most unkindest cut of all.
This was the ultimate form of ostentation among technology freaks -- to have a system so complete and sophisticated that nothing showed; no machines, no wires, no controls.
This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
Th' MIND is the Pizza Palace of th' SOUL
Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better than he does. As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about it. I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily sane. But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade. Inwardly, he is being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians. The disease is fatal. There is no known cure. The most we can do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his honor. From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter Thompson's disease. I don't have it this morning. It comes and goes. This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease. from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"
Those aren't WINOS -- that's my JUGGLER, my AERIALIST, my SWORD SWALLOWER, and my LATEX NOVELTY SUPPLIER!!
Those lovable Brits department: They also have trouble pronouncing `vitamin'.
Those of us who believe in the right of any human being to belong to whatever church he sees fit, and to worship God in his own way, cannot be accused of prejudice when we do not want to see public education connected with religious control of the schools, which are paid for by taxpayers' money.
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised) are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse at are called software. Literacy for the 1990's.
Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
"Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of Silly Putty."
Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only in the God idea, not God Himself.
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who can, do; those who can't, write. Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Those who can't write, write manuals.
Those who claim the dead never return to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.
"Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics."
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
Those who don't know, talk. Those who don't talk, know.
Those who don't understand Linux are doomed to reinvent it, poorly.
Those who do things in a noble spirit of self-sacrifice are to be avoided at all costs.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
Those who hate and fight must stop themselves -- otherwise it is not stopped.
Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty Often have a share in their misfortunes.
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love. The poor know that it is money.
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
"Those who make a distinction between education and entertainment don't know the first thing about either." - Marshall McLuhan (via "movement-sigs")
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who want rain without thunder and lightning. They want the ocean without the roar of its many waters.
Those who sweat in flames of hell, Leaden eared, some thought their bowels Here's the reason that they fell: Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels. While on earth they prayed in SAS, These they offered up in praise PL/1, or other crass, Thinking all this fetid haze Vulgar tongue. A rapsody sung. Some the lord did sorely try Jabber of the mindless horde Assembling all their pleas in hex. Sequel next did mock the lord Speech as crabbed as devil's crable Slothful sequel so enfangled Hex that marked on Tower Babel Its speaker's lips became entangled The highest rung. In his bung. Because in life they prayed so ill And offered god such swinish swill Now they sweat in flames of hell Sweat from lack of APL Sweat dung!
"Those who will be able to conquer software will be able to conquer the world."
<Thoth_> Yeah, well that's why it's numbered 2.3.1... it's for those of us who miss NT-like uptimes
"Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to be maintained."
... though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage from beginning to end.
...though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage from beginning to end. -- Vernor Vinge, "The Peace War"
Though I'll admit readability suffers slightly...
Though I respect that a lot I'd be fired if that were my job After killing Jason off and Countless screaming argonauts Bluebird of friendliness Like guardian angels it's Always near Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch Who watches over you Make a little birdhouse in your soul Not to put too fine a point on it Say I'm the only bee in your bonnet Make a little birdhouse in your soul
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
Thousands of days of civilians ... have produced a ... feeling for the aesthetic modules --
Thrashing is just virtual crashing.
Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene from Don Quixote for a local TV show. "I'll play the title role," proposed Tom. "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille."
Three great scientific theories of the structure of the universe are the molecular, the corpuscular and the atomic. A fourth affirms, with Haeckel, the condensation or precipitation of matter from ether -- whose existence is proved by the condensation or precipitation ... A fifth theory is held by idiots, but it is doubtful if they know any more about the matter than the others.
Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan, all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence: "Old MacDonald had a . . ." "Old MacDonald had a carburetor," answered the Kansan. "Sorry, that's wrong," the game show host said. "Old MacDonald had a free brake alignment down at the service station," said the Missourian. "Wrong." "Old MacDonald had a farm," said the Iowan. "CORRECT!" shouts the quizmaster. "Now for $100,000, spell 'farm.'" "Easy," said the Iowan. "E-I-E-I-O."
Three minutes' thought would suffice to find this out; but thought is irksome and three minutes is a long time.
Three o'clock in the afternoon is always just a little too late or a little too early for anything you want to do.
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
Three rules for sounding like an expert: (1) Oversimplify your explanations to the point of uselessness. (2) Always point out second-order effects, but never point out when they can be ignored. (3) Come up with three rules of your own.
Throw away documentation and manuals, and users will be a hundred times happier. Throw away privileges and quotas, and users will do the Right Thing. Throw away proprietary and site licenses, and there won't be any pirating. If these three aren't enough, just stay at your home directory and let all processes take their course.
-- th-th-th-th-That's all, folks! ----------- cut here, don't forget to strip junk at the end, too ------------- "Psychoanalysis?? I thought this was a nude rap session!!!"
Thud. Thud. Thud. Splat.
Thufir's a Harkonnen now.
Thunder rolled. ... It rolled a six.
Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
Thus spake the master programmer: "After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
Thus spake the master programmer: "A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program is its own hell."
Thus spake the master programmer: "Let the programmers be many and the managers few -- then all will be productive."
Thus spake the master programmer: "Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to be maintained."
Thus spake the master programmer: "Time for you to leave."
Thus spake the master programmer: "When a program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes."
Thus spake the master programmer: "When you have learned to snatch the error code from the trap frame, it will be time for you to leave."
Thus spake the master programmer: "Without the wind, the grass does not move. Without software, hardware is useless."
Thus spake the master programmer: "You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you can't make him computer literate."
Thyme's Law: Everything goes wrong at once.
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown Waiting for someone or something to show you the way Tired of lying in the sunshine And then one day you find Staying home to watch the rain Ten years have got behind you You are young and life is long No one told you when to run And there is time to kill today You missed the starting gun And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking And racing around to come up behind you again The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older Shorter of breath and one day closer to death Every year is getting shorter Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way Never seem to find the time The time is gone, the song is over Plans that either come to nought Thought I'd something more to say... Or half a page of scribbled lines
<tigah_-> i have 4gb for /tmp <Knghtbrd> What do you do with 4G /tmp? Compile X? <tigah_-> yes
Tiger got to hunt, Bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder, "Why, why, why?" Tiger got to sleep, Bird got to land; Man got to tell himself he understand.
Till then we shall be content to admit openly, what you (religionists) whisper under your breath or hide in technical jargon, that the ancient secret is a secret still; that man knows nothing of the Infinite and Absolute; and that, knowing nothing, he had better not be dogmatic about his ignorance. And, meanwhile, we will endeavour to be as charitable as possible, and whilst you trumpet forth officially your contempt for our skepticism, we will at least try to believe that you are imposed upon by your own bluster.
Tim and I a hunting went We found three damsels in a tent, As they were three, and we were two, I bucked one and Timbuktu.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time as he grows old teaches all things.
Time can't be measured in days the way money is measured in pesos and centavos, because all pesos are equal, while every day, perhaps every hour, is different.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Time goes, you say? Ah no! Time stays, *we* go.
Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
"Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so."
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Time is fluid ... like a river with currents, eddies, backwash.
"Time is money and money can't buy you love and I love your outfit"
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once. Space is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen to you.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Times approximate.
Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.
timesharing, n: An access method whereby one computer abuses many people.
Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.
Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.
Time to be aggressive. Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Time to take stock. Go home with some office supplies.
Time washes clean Love's wounds unseen. That's what someone told me; But I don't know what it means.
Time will end all my troubles, but I don't always approve of Time's methods.
Timing must be perfect now. Two-timing must be better than perfect.
<TimToady> TimToady's Lament: The pain in reign falls mainly in the 'splain. --
Tip of the Day: Never fry bacon in the nude. [Correction: always fry bacon in the nude; you'll learn not to burn it]
TIPS FOR PERFORMERS: Playing cards have the top half upside-down to help cheaters. There are a finite number of jokes in the universe. Singing is a trick to get people to listen to music longer than they would ordinarily. There is no music in space. People will pay to watch people make sounds. Everything on stage should be larger than in real life.
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
TIRED of calculating components of vectors? Displacements along direction of force getting you down? Well, now there's help. Try amazing "Dot-Product", the fast, easy way many professionals have used for years and is now available to YOU through this special offer. Three out of five engineering consultants recommend "Dot-Product" for their clients who use vector products. Mr. Gumbinowitz, mechanical engineer, in a hidden-camera interview... "Dot-Product really works! Calculating Z-axis force components has never been easier." Yes, you too can take advantage of the amazing properties of Dot-Product. Use it to calculate forces, velocities, displacements, and virtually any vector components. How much would you pay for it? But wait, it also calculates the work done in Joules, Ergs, and, yes, even BTU's. Divide Dot-Product by the magnitude of the vectors and it becomes an instant angle calculator! Now, how much would you pay? All this can be yours for the low, low price of $19.95!! But that's not all! If you order before midnight, you'll also get "Famous Numbers of Famous People" as a bonus gift, absolutely free! Yes, you'll get Avogadro's number, Planck's, Euler's, Boltzmann's, and many, many, more!! Call 1-800-DOT-6000. Operators are standing by. That number again... 1-800-DOT-6000. Supplies are limited, so act now. This offer is not available through stores and is void where prohibited by law.
Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.
"'Tis not right, a woman going into such places by herself." Granny nodded. She thoroughly approved of such sentiments so long as there was, of course, no suggestion that they applied to her.
'Tis the dream of each programmer, Before his life is done, To write three lines of APL, And make the damn things run.
"'Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true."
<<< tk: A discussion is not a war, to be won or lost. It is a communal quest for truth. And you are inhibiting it by responding at only the most superficial level. Look beyond the presence of a word to its context. Respond to the thoughts expressed there. Or simply leave. >>>
tmps_base = tmps_max; /* protect our mortal string */
To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go above fifty-eight degrees. If you collapse on a street in New York, plan to spend a few days there.
To a Californian, a person must prove himself criminally insane before he is allowed to drive a taxi in New York. For New York cabbies, honesty and stopping at red lights are both optional.
To a Californian, the basic difference between the people and the pigeons in New York is that the pigeons don't shit on each other.
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education. To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun. To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
To add insult to injury.
To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks. There are, in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people. The only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the Swedes speak better English."
To a New Yorker, the only California houses on the market for less than a million dollars are those on fire. These generally go for six hundred thousand.
To any truly impartial person, it would be obvious that I am always right.
To A Quick Young Fox Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp, Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice? Guy fed by work, quiz Jove's xanthic lamp-- Zow! Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
To avoid suffocation, keep away from children.
Tobacco is a filthy weed, That from the devil does proceed; It drains your purse, it burns your clothes, And makes a chimney of your nose.
To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
To be awake is to be alive. -- Henry David Thoreau, in "Walden"
To be excellent when engaged in administration is to be like the North Star. As it remains in its one position, all the other stars surround it.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
To be happy one must be a) well fed, unhounded by sordid cares, at ease in Zion, b) full of a comfortable feeling of superiority to the masses of one's fellow men, and c) delicately and unceasingly amused according to one's taste. It is my contention that, if this definition be accepted, there is no country in the world wherein a man constituted as I am -- a man of my peculiar weaknesses, vanities, appetites, and aversions -- can be so happy as he can be in the United States. Going further, I lay down the doctrine that it is a sheer physical impossibility for such a man to live in the United States and not be happy.
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
To be is to be related.
To be is to do. To do is to be. Do be a Do Bee! Do be do be do! Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
To be is to program.
To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for you in your private heart is true for all men -- that is genius.
To be loved is very demoralizing.
to be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best night and day to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
To be or not to be, that is the bottom line.
To be or not to be. To do is to be. To be is to do. Do be do be do.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit, call it the target.
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
To be who one is, is not to be someone else.
To be wise, the only thing you really need to know is when to say "I don't know."
To code the impossible code, This is my quest -- To bring up a virgin machine, To debug that code, To pop out of endless recursion, No matter how hopeless, To grok what appears on the screen, No matter the load, To write those routines To right the unrightable bug, Without question or pause, To endlessly twiddle and thrash, To be willing to hack FORTRAN IV To mount the unmountable magtape, For a heavenly cause. To stop the unstoppable crash! And I know if I'll only be true To this glorious quest, And the queue will be better for this, That my code will run CUSPy and calm, That one man, scorned and When it's put to the test. destined to lose, Still strove with his last allocation To scrap the unscrappable kludge!
To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
To craunch a marmoset.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
To date, the firm conclusions of Project Blue Book are: 1. no unidentified flying object reported, investigated and evaluated by the Air Force has ever given any indication of threat to our national security; 2. there has been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that sightings categorized as UNIDENTIFIED represent technological developments or principles beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge; and 3. there has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as UNIDENTIFIED are extraterrestrial vehicles. 1950 to 1965, as quoted by James Randi in Flim-Flam!
Today is a good day for information-gathering. Read someone else's mail file.
"Today Is A Good Day For Someone Else To Die!"
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
today, n.: A nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long.
"Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word except in major motion pictures."
"Today's robots are very primitive, capable of understanding only a few simple instructions such as 'go left', 'go right', and 'build car'."
Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity? And where does it go after it leaves the toaster?
Today's thrilling story has been brought to you by Mushies, the great new cereal that gets soggy even without milk or cream. Join us soon for more spectacular adventure starring... Tippy, the Wonder Dog!
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
Today, THREE WINOS from DETROIT sold me a framed photo of TAB HUNTER before his MAKEOVER!
Today you'll start getting heavy metal radio on your dentures.
Toddlers are the stormtroopers of the Lord of Entropy.
To do nothing is to be nothing.
To do two things at once is to do neither.
To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
To downgrade the human mind is bad theology.
To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out before the pencil, you're overdoing it a little.
To err is human; to admit it, a blunder.
To err is human -- to blame it on a computer is even more so.
To err is human. To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
To err is human; to forgive is simply not our policy.
To err is human, to forgive unusual.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
To err is human, To purr feline.
To err is human, to purr feline. To err is human, two curs canine. To err is human, to moo bovine.
To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
To err is humor.
Toes, knees, NIPPLES. Toes, knees, nipples, KNUCKLES ... Nipples, dimples, knuckles, NICKLES, wrinkles, pimples!!
To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D.
To everything there is a season, a time for every purpose under heaven: A time to be born, and a time to die; A time to plant, and a time to pluck what is planted; A time to kill, and a time to heal; A time to break down, and a time to build up; A time to weep, and a time to laugh; A time to mourn, and a time to dance; A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones; A time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing; A time to gain, and a time to lose; A time to keep, and a time to throw away; A time to tear, and a time to sew; A time to keep silence, and a time to speak; A time to love, and a time to hate; A time of war, and a time of peace. Ecclesiastes 3:1-9
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
To follow foolish precedents, and wink With both our eyes, is easier than to think.
To follow the path: look to the master, follow the master, walk with the master, see through the master, become the master. Eric S. Raymond in "How To Become a Hacker"
To generalize is to be an idiot.
To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.
To get something clean, one has to get something dirty. To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three persons, two of them absent.
To get the walkthrough, you have to take the sponge from Nanny Ogg's pantry and stick it in the ear of the troll with the tutu, then take the lumps and put them in the pouch with the zombie's razor.
To give happiness is to deserve happiness.
To give of yourself, you must first know yourself.
To have died once is enough.
"To IBM, 'open' means there is a modicum of interoperability among some of their equipment."
toilet toupee, n.: Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus creating endless annoyance to male users.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
To kick or not to kick...
To know Edina is to reject it.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To lead people, you must follow behind.
"Tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society."
To live is always desirable.
To lose weight, eat less; to gain weight, eat more; if you merely wish to maintain, do whatever you were doing. The Bronx diet is a legitimate system of food therapy showing that food SHOULD be used a crutch and which food could be the most effective in promoting spiritual and emotional satisfaction. For the first time, an eater could instantly grasp the connection between relieving depression and Mallomars, and understand why a lover's quarrel isn't so bad if there's a pint of ice cream nearby.
To love is good, love being difficult.
To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
To make tax forms true they should read "Income Owed Us" and "Incommode You".
Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately, it can still be changed today.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.
T: One big monster, he called TROLL. He don't rock, and he don't roll; Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies. He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Toni's Solution to a Guilt-Free Life: If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.
TONY RANDALL! Is YOUR life a PATIO of FUN??
TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin real fast and freak everybody out.
Too clever is dumb.
Too cool to calypso, Too tough to tango, Too weird to watusi
Too Late A large number of turkies [sic] went to San Francisco yesterday by the two o'clock boats. If their object in going down was to participate in the Thanksgiving festivities of that city, they would arrive "the day after the affair," and of course be sadly disappointed thereby.
Tools Thirty spokes meet at a nave; Because of the hole we may use the wheel. Clay is moulded into a vessel; Because of the hollow we may use the cup. Walls are built around a hearth; Because of the doors we may use the house. Thus tools come from what exists, But use from what does not.
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death.
Too many people want to *have written*.
Too many people, when listing all the perils to be found in the search for lost treasure or ancient wisdom, had forgotten to put at the top of the list 'the man who arrived just before you'.
Too much is just enough.
Too much is not enough.
Too much of anything, even love, isn't necessarily a good thing.
Too much of everything is just enough.
To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura bitters. Shake.
Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available briefcases.
Too often people have come to me and said, "If I had just one wish for anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software." [Once is too often. Ed.]
To order, call toll-free.
To ordinary folks, conversion is not always automatic. It's something that may or may not require explicit assistance. See Billy Graham. :-)
Too ripped. Gotta go.
<toor> netgod: what do you have in your kernel??? The compiled source for driving a space shuttle??? <Spoo> time to make a zip drive your floppy drive then. if the kernel doesn fit on that, the kernel is an AI
Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.
To Perl, or not to Perl, that is the kvetching.
*** Topic for #redhat: ReDHaT is the answer to all your problems. It could be the start too!
Topologists are just plane folks. Pilots are just plane folks. Carpenters are just plane folks. Midwest farmers are just plain folks. Musicians are just playin' folks. Whodunit readers are just Spillane folks. Some Londoners are just P. Lane folks.
To program is to be.
Top scientists agree that with the present rate of consumption, the earth's supply of gravity will be exhausted before the 24th century. As man struggles to discover cheaper alternatives, we need your help. Please... CONSERVE GRAVITY Follow these simple suggestions: (1) Walk with a light step. Carry helium balloons if possible. (2) Use tape, magnets, or glue instead of paperweights. (3) Give up skiing and skydiving for more horizontal sports like curling. (4) Avoid showers .. take baths instead. (5) Don't hang all your clothes in the closet ... Keep them in one big pile. (6) Stop flipping pancakes
Top Ten Things Overheard At The ANSI C Draft Committee Meetings: (10) Sorry, but that's too useful. (9) Dammit, little-endian systems *are* more consistent! (8) I'm on the committee and I *still* don't know what the hell #pragma is for. (7) Well, it's an excellent idea, but it would make the compilers too hard to write. (6) Them bats is smart; they use radar. (5) All right, who's the wiseguy who stuck this trigraph stuff in here? (4) How many times do we have to tell you, "No prior art!" (3) Ha, ha, I can't believe they're actually going to adopt this sucker. (2) Thank you for your generous donation, Mr. Wirth. (1) Gee, I wish we hadn't backed down on 'noalias'.
To reduce printing costs, we have sent you only the forms you may need based on what you filed last year.
to refrain from catapulting projectiles. diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow. of small, green bryophytic plant. of a lucrative nature. osseous structure, but appellations will eternally remain innocuous.
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
To restore a sense of reality, I think Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
Torque is cheap.
To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.
To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role, but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor micro and then try to run it on OS/2. I mean, get serious.
To say you got a vote of confidence would be to say you needed a vote of confidence.
To see a need and wait to be asked, is to already refuse.
To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block, and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly. It was agreeable, too -- it really was -- to see him cut it off, so smooth and juicy. There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen; it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of tone, skilful handling of the subject, fine shading. It was the triumph of mind over matter; quite.
To see you is to sympathize.
To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest and cost the most.
To stand and be still, At the Birkenhead drill, Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
To stay youthful, stay useful.
To summarize, if you have a separate compilation step visible to developers, you have programs. If not, you have scripts. An exception is that if you have a separate, partial compilation step at runtime and not visible to users, then you may have programs. The presence of one implementation that performs additional compilationy thingies at runtime instantly upgrades all scripts to programs, while the presence of an interpreter for a language in which people normally write programs, not scripts, does not downgrade programs to scripts. Program-ness is sticky. I hope this is now clear. Ironically some JavaScript implementations have JITs, so the colloquial name of the language should change from JavaScript to JavaProgram. Script bad, four-legs good.
"To take a significant step forward, you must make a series of finite improvements."
Totally illogical, there was no chance.
Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.
To teach is to learn.
To teach is to learn twice.
To tell the truth, I don't know how Linus and his merry band manage so well -- I couldn't have stood it with C. UNIX
(To the extent that anyone but a Prolog programmer can understand \X totally. (And to the extent that a Prolog programmer can understand "cut". :-))
To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.
To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a test load.
To thine own self be true. (If not that, at least make some money.)
To think contrary to one's era is heroism. But to speak against it is madness.
To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy, inelegant, and unsatisfying. But it's a question of congruence: precision and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel, uncertain situations as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar, well-defined ones. Those who admire the massive, rigid bone structures of dinosaurs should remember that jellyfish still enjoy their very secure ecological niche.
Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
Touch tone phones only.
To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
To understand this important story, you have to understand how the telephone company works. Your telephone is connected to a local computer, which is in turn connected to a regional computer, which is in turn connected to a loudspeaker the size of a garbage truck on the lawn of Edna A. Bargewater of Lawrence, Kan. Whenever you talk on the phone, your local computer listens in. If it suspects you're going to discuss an intimate topic, it notifies the computer above it, which listens in and decides whether to alert the one above it, until finally, if you really humiliate yourself, maybe break down in tears and tell your closest friend about a sordid incident from your past involving a seedy motel, a neighbor's spouse, an entire religious order, a garden hose and six quarts of tapioca pudding, the top computer feeds your conversation into Edna's loudspeaker, and she and her friends come out on the porch to listen and drink gin and laugh themselves silly.
"To undertake a project, as the word's derivation indicates, means to cast an idea out ahead of oneself so that it gains autonomy and is fulfilled not only by the efforts of its originator but, indeed, independently of him as well.
To update Voltaire, "I may kill all msgs from you, but I'll fight for your right to post it, and I'll let it reside on my disks". from the 1906 book “The Friends of Voltaire” https://quoteinvestigator.com/2015/06/01/defend-say/
Tourist, Rincewind decided, meant "idiot".
"Tourists -- have some fun with New york's hard-boiled cabbies. When you get to your destination, say to your driver, "Pay? I was hitchhiking."
Tourists -- have some fun with New York's hard-boiled cabbies. When you get to your destination, say to your driver, "Pay? I was hitch-hiking."
To use violence is to already be defeated.
Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer. [ All things have already been said, but since no one listens, one must always start again. ]
"To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?"
To whom the mornings are like nights, What must the midnights be!
To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly strip down your words to naked, willing flesh. Then bind them to a metaphor or three, and take by force a satisfying mesh. Arrange them to your will, each foot in place. You are the master here, and they the slaves. Now whip them to maintain a constant pace and rhythm as they stand in even staves. A word that strikes no pleasure? Cast it out! What use are words that drive not to the heart? A lazy phrase? Discard it, shrug off doubt, and choose more docile words to take its part. A well-trained sonnet lives to entertain, by making love directly to the brain.
To write good code is a worthy challenge, and a source of civilized delight.
"To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition."
"To your left is the marina where several senior cabinet officials keep luxury yachts for weekend cruises on the Potomac. Some of these ships are up to 100 feet in length; the Presidential yacht is over 200 feet in length, and can remain submerged for up to 3 weeks."
Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
Trailing Edge Technologies is pleased to announce the following TETflame programme: 1) For a negotiated price (no quatloos accepted) one of our flaming representatives will flame the living shit out of the poster of your choice. The price is inversely proportional to how much of an asshole the target it. We cannot be convinced to flame Dennis Ritchie. Matt Crawford flames are free. 2) For a negotiated price (same arrangement) the TETflame programme is offering ``flame insurance''. Under this arrangement, if one of our policy holders is flamed, we will cancel the offending article and flame the flamer, to a crisp. 3) The TETflame flaming representatives include: Richard Sexton, Oleg Kisalev, Diane Holt, Trish O'Tauma, Dave Hill, Greg Nowak and our most recent acquisition, Keith Doyle. But all he will do is put you in his kill file. Weemba by special arrangement.
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Tranquillity The Way takes no action, but leaves nothing undone. When you accept this The world will flourish, In harmony with nature. Nature does not possess desire; Without desire, the heart becomes quiet; In this manner the whole world is made tranquil.
TRANSACTION CANCELLED - FARECARD RETURNED
transfer, n.: A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.
transparent, adj.: Being or pertaining to an existing, nontangible object. "It's there, but you can't see it" virtual, adj.: Being or pertaining to a tangible, nonexistent object. "I can see it, but it's not there."
Trap full -- please empty.
Travel important today; Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village. "What's this place called?" he asked the station attendant. "All depends," the native drawled. "Do you mean by them that has to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms for a short spell?"
travel, n.: Something that makes you feel like you're getting somewhere.
Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
Trespassers will be shot. Survivors will be prosecuted.
Trespassers will be shot. Survivors will be SHOT AGAIN!
* TribFurry only gets spam mail from ucsd... I used to get email from myself but I decided I didn't like myself and stopped talking to me
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
"Triumph without Victory, The Unreported History of the Persian Gulf War", -Headline published in the U.S. News & World Report, 1992.
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Troll sat alone on his seat of stone, And munched and mumbled a bare old bone; For many a year he had gnawed it near, For meat was hard to come by. Done by! Gum by! In a cave in the hills he dwelt alone, And meat was hard to come by. Up came Tom with his big boots on. Said he to Troll: "Pray, what is youn? For it looks like the shin o' my nuncle Tim, As should be a-lyin in graveyard. Caveyard! Paveyard! This many a year has Tim been gone, And I thought he were lyin' in graveyard." "My lad," said Troll, "this bone I stole. But what be bones that lie in a hole? Thy nuncle was dead as a lump o' lead, Afore I found his shinbone. Tinbone! Thinbone! He can spare a share for a poor old troll For he don't need his shinbone." Said Tom: "I don't see why the likes o' thee Without axin' leave should go makin' free With the shank or the shin o' my father's kin; So hand the old bone over! Rover! Trover! Though dead he be, it belongs to he; So hand the old bnone over!"
Trouble always comes at the wrong time.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of a brand new series of three.
Truckers welcome.
True happiness will be found only in true love.
True, it returns "" for false, but "" is an even more interesting number than 0.
True leadership is the art of changing a group from what it is to what it ought to be.
True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
Trust in Allah, but tie your camel.
Trust me: every problem in computer science may be solved by an indirection, but those indirections are *expensive*. Pointer chasing is just about the most expensive thing you can do on modern CPUs.
"Trust me. I know what I'm doing."
"Trust me": Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."
Trust No One
Truth can wait; he's used to it.
Truthful, adj.: Dumb and illiterate.
Truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind...
Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now -- always.
Truth is free, but information costs.
Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.
"Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense."
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
"Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her birth."
Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her birth.
Truth will out this morning. (Which may really mess things up.)
try again
Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only specification is that it should run noiselessly.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Trying to establish voice contact ... please yell into keyboard.
Trying to get an education here is like trying to get a drink from a fire hose.
Try not. Do. Or do not. There is no try.
Try not to have a good time ... This is supposed to be educational.
Try `stty 0' -- it works much better.
Try the Moo Shu Pork. It is especially good today.
Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
Try to find the real tense of the report you are reading: Was it done, is it being done, or is something to be done? Reports are now written in four tenses: past tense, present tense, future tense, and pretense. Watch for novel uses of CONGRAM (CONtractor GRAMmar), defined by the imperfect past, the insufficient present, and the absolutely perfect future.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
Try to remove the color-problem by restarting your computer several times.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
T-shirt: Life is *not* a Cabaret, and stop calling me chum!
T-shirt of the Day: Head for the Mountains Followup T-shirt of the Day (on the same scenic background): If you liked the mountains, head for the Busch!
T-shirt Of The Day: I'm the person your mother warned you about.
Tsort's Constant: 1.67563, or precisely 1,237.98712567 times the difference between the distance to the sun and the weight of a small orange.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
* Turken thinks little kids are absolutely adorable... especialyy when they're someone elses.
Turnaucka's Law: The attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical cord.
Turn off engine while fueling.
"Turn on, tune up, rock out."
Turn right here. No! NO! The OTHER right!
Turn the other cheek.
Tussman's Law: Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.
> Tut mir Leid, Jost, aber Du bist ein unertraeglicher Troll. Was soll das? Du *beleidigst* die Trolle!
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
"Twas bergen and the eirie road Did mahwah into patterson: "Beware the Hopatcong, my son! All jersey were the ocean groves, The teeth that bite, the nails And the red bank bayonne. that claw! Beware the bound brook bird, and shun He took his belmar blade in hand: The kearney communipaw." Long time the folsom foe he sought Till rested he by a bayway tree And, as in nutley thought he stood, And stood a while in thought. The Hopatcong with eyes of flame, Came whippany through the englewood, One, two, one, two, and through And garfield as it came. and through The belmar blade went hackensack! "And hast thou slain the Hopatcong? He left it dead and with it's head Come to my arms, my perth amboy! He went weehawken back. Hohokus day! Soho! Rahway!" He caldwell in his joy. Did mahwah into patterson: All jersey were the ocean groves, And the red bank bayonne.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves Did gyre and gimble in the wabe. "Beware the Jabberwock, my son! All mimsy were the borogroves The jaws that bite, the claws And the mome raths outgrabe. that catch! Beware the Jubjub bird, He took his vorpal sword in hand And shun the frumious Bandersnatch!" Long time the manxome foe he sought. So rested he by the tumtum tree And as in uffish thought he stood And stood awhile in thought. The Jabberwock, with eyes aflame Came whuffling through the tulgey wood One! Two! One! Two! And through and And burbled as it came! through The vorpal blade went snicker-snack. "Hast thou slain the Jabberwock? He left it dead, and took its head, Come to my arms, my beamish boy! And went galumphing back. Oh frabjous day! Calooh! Callay!" He chortled in his joy. 'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves Did gyre and gimble in the wabe. All mimsy were the borogroves And the mome raths outgrabe.
'Twas bullig, and the slithy brokers Did buy and gamble in the craze "Beware the Jabberstock, my son! All rosy were the Dow Jones stokers The cost that bites, the worth By market's wrath unphased. that falls! Beware the Econ'mist's word, and shun He took his forecast sword in hand: The spurious Street o' Walls!" Long time the Boesk'some foe he sought - Sake's liquidity, so d'vested he, And as in bearish thought he stood And stood awhile in thought. The Jabberstock, with clothes of tweed, Came waffling with the truth too good, Chip Black! Chip Blue! And through And yuppied great with greed! and through The forecast blade went snicker-snack! "And hast thou slain the Jabberstock? It bit the dirt, and with its shirt, Come to my firm, V.P.ish boy! He went rebounding back. O big bucks day! Moolah! Good Play!" He bought him a Mercedes Toy. 'Twas panic, and the slithy brokers Did gyre and tumble in the Crash All flimsy were the Dow Jones stokers And mammon's wrath them bash!
Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes Did logzerneg the ifthen block All kludgy were the function flows And subroutines adhoc. Beware the runtime-bug my friend squrooneg, the false goto Beware the infiniteloop And shun the inprectoo.
'Twas midnight, and the UNIX hacks Did gyre and gimble in their cave All mimsy was the CS-VAX And Cory raths outgrabe. "Beware the software rot, my son! The faults that bite, the jobs that thrash! Beware the broken pipe, and shun The frumious system crash!"
'Twas midnight on the ocean, Her children all were orphans, Not a streetcar was in sight, Except one a tiny tot, So I stepped into a cigar store Who had a home across the way To ask them for a light. Above a vacant lot. The man behind the counter As I gazed through the oaken door Was a woman, old and gray, A whale went drifting by, Who used to peddle doughnuts Its six legs hanging in the air, On the road to Mandalay. So I kissed her goodbye. She said "Good morning, stranger", This story has a morale Her eyes were dry with tears, As you can plainly see, As she put her head between her feet Don't mix your gin with whiskey And stood that way for years. On the deep and dark blue sea.
'Twas the night before crisis, and all through the house, Not a program was working not even a browse. The programmers were wrung out too mindless to care, Knowing chances of cutover hadn't a prayer. The users were nestled all snug in their beds, While visions of inquiries danced in their heads. When out in the lobby there arose such a clatter, I sprang from my tube to see what was the matter. And what to my wondering eyes should appear, But a Super Programmer, oblivious to fear. More rapid than eagles, his programs they came, And he whistled and shouted and called them by name; On Update! On Add! On Inquiry! On Delete! On Batch Jobs! On Closing! On Functions Complete! His eyes were glazed over, his fingers were lean, From Weekends and nights in front of a screen. A wink of his eye, and a twist of his head, Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread...
'Twas the nocturnal segment of the diurnal period preceding the annual Yuletide celebration, And throughout our place of residence, Kinetic activity was not in evidence among the possessors of this potential, including that species of domestic rodent known as Mus musculus. Hosiery was meticulously suspended from the forward edge of the woodburning caloric apparatus, Pursuant to our anticipatory pleasure regarding an imminent visitation from an eccentric philanthropist among whose folkloric appelations is the honorific title of St. Nicklaus ...
Twenty Percent of Zero is Better than Nothing.
Twenty two thousand days. Twenty two thousand days. It's not a lot. It's all you've got. Twenty two thousand days.
* Twilight1 will have to hang his Mozilla beanie dinosaur in effigy if Netscape sells-out to Alot Of Losers..
* TwingyAFK is shopping for 17" flat panel * aav sells TwingyAFK a piece of plywood
Two battleships assigned to the training squadron had been at sea on maneuvers in heavy weather for several days. I was serving on the lead battleship and was on watch on the bridge as night fell. The visibility was poor with patchy fog, so the Captain remained on the bridge keeping an eye on all activities. Shortly after dark, the lookout on the wing of the bridge reported, "Light, bearing on the starboard bow." "Is it steady or moving astern?" the Captain called out. Lookout replied, "Steady, Captain," which meant we were on a dangerous collision course with that ship. The Captain then called to the signalman, "Signal that ship: We are on a collision course, advise you change course 20 degrees." Back came a signal "Advisable for you to change course 20 degrees." In reply, the Captain said, "Send: I'm a Captain, change course 20 degrees!" "I'm a seaman second class," came the reply, "You had better change course 20 degrees." By that time, the Captain was furious. He spit out, "Send: I'm a battleship, change course 20 degrees." Back came the flashing light: "I'm a lighthouse!" We changed course.
Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail. While Bill has a great deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
Two can Live as Cheaply as One for Half as Long.
Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.
Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his barstool and lay motionless on the floor. "One thing about Jim," the other said to the bartender, "he sure knows when to stop."
Two golfers were being held up as the twosome of women in front of them whiffed shots, hunted for lost balls and stood over putts for what seemed like hours. "I'll ask if we can play through," Bill said as he strode toward the women. Twenty yards from the green, however, he turned on his heel and went back to where his companion was waiting. "Can't do it," he explained, sheepishly. "One of them's my wife and the other's my mistress!" "I'll ask," said Jim. He started off, only to turn and come back before reaching the green. "What's wrong?" Bill asked. "Small world, isn't it?"
Two heads are better than one.
Two heads are more numerous than one.
Two hundred years ago today, Irma Chine of White Plains, New York, was performing her normal housekeeping routines. She was interrupted by British soldiers who, rallying to the call of their supervisor, General Hughes, sought to gain control of the voter registration lists kept in her home. Masking her fear and thinking fast, Mrs. Chine quickly divided a nearby apple in two and deftly stored the list in its center. Upon entering, the British blatantly violated every conceivable convention, and, though they went through the house virtually bit by bit, their search was fruitless. They had to return empty handed. Word of the incident propagated rapidly through the region. This historic event became the first documented use of core storage for the saving of registers.
Two is company, three is an orgy.
Two is not equal to three, even for large values of two.
Two men are in a hot-air balloon. Soon, they find themselves lost in a canyon somewhere. One of the two men says, "I've got an idea. We can call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices to the end of the canyon. Someone's bound to hear us by then!" So he leans over the basket and screams out, "Helllloooooo! Where are we?" (They hear the echo several times). Fifteen minutes later, they hear this echoing voice: "Helllloooooo! You're lost!" The shouter comments, "That must have been a mathematician." Puzzled, his friend asks, "Why do you say that?" "For three reasons. First, he took a long time to answer, second, he was absolutely correct, and, third, his answer was absolutely useless."
Two men came before Nasrudin when he was magistrate. The first man said, "This man has bitten my ear -- I demand compensation." The second man said, "He bit it himself." Nasrudin withdrew to his chambers, and spent an hour trying to bite his own ear. He succeeded only in falling over and bruising his forehead. Returning to the courtroom, Nasrudin pronounced, "Examine the man whose ear was bitten. If his forehead is bruised, he did it himself and the case is dismissed. If his forehead is not bruised, the other man did it and must pay three silver pieces."
Two men looked out from the prison bars, One saw mud-- The other saw stars. Now let me get this right: two prisoners are looking out the window. While one of them was looking at all the mud -- the other one got hit in the head.
Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things, with all due respect for their breakfast. "I wonder why it is that toast always falls on the buttered side," said one. "Tell me," replied his friend, "why you say such a thing. Look at this." And he dropped his toast on the floor, where it landed on the dry side. "So, what have you to say for your theory now?" "What am I to say? You obviously buttered the wrong side."
Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the ocean. After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop, "We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide."
Two peanuts were walking through the New York. One was assaulted.
Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
Two things are certain about science. It does not stand still for long, and it is never boring. Oh, among some poor souls, including even intellectuals in fields of high scholarship, science is frequently misperceived. Many see it as only a body of facts, promulgated from on high in must, unintelligible textbooks, a collection of unchanging precepts defended with authoritarian vigor. Others view it as nothing but a cold, dry narrow, plodding, rule-bound process -- the scientific method: hidebound, linear, and left brained. These people are the victims of their own stereotypes. They are destined to view the world of science with a set of blinders. They know nothing of the tumult, cacophony, rambunctiousness, and tendentiousness of the actual scientific process, let alone the creativity, passion, and joy of discovery. And they are likely to know little of the continual procession of new insights and discoveries that every day, in some way, change our view (if not theirs) of the natural world. 1988 Yearbook of Science and the Future, Encyclopaedia Britannica, Inc.
Two wrights don't make a rong, they make an airplane. Or bicycles.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Tyger, Tyger, burning bright Where the hammer? Where the chain? In the forests of the night, In what furnace was thy brain? What immortal hand or eye What the anvil? What dread grasp Dare frame thy fearful symmetry? Dare its deadly terrors clasp? Burnt in distant deeps or skies When the stars threw down their spears The cruel fire of thine eyes? And water'd heaven with their tears On what wings dare he aspire? Dare he laugh his work to see? What the hand dare seize the fire? Dare he who made the lamb make thee? And what shoulder & what art Tyger, Tyger, burning bright Could twist the sinews of they heart? In the forests of the night, And when thy heart began to beat What immortal hand or eye What dread hand & what dread feet Dare frame thy fearful symmetry? Could fetch it from the furnace deep And in thy horrid ribs dare steep In the well of sanguine woe? In what clay & in what mould Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
Type louder, please.
"Ubi non accusator, ibi non judex." (Where there is no police, there is no speed limit.)
Udall's Fourth Law: Any change or reform you make is going to have consequences you don't like.
UFOs are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
Uh... deity is a word, and diety isn't. Or is it supposed to be one of those recursive acronyms? Diety Is Excellent To You. Deity Eats Icecream That's Yellow. Diety Is Eloping To Yokohama. I'll stop now.
Uh-oh!! I forgot to submit to COMPULSORY URINALYSIS!
Uh-oh!! I'm having TOO MUCH FUN!!
UH-OH!! I put on "GREAT HEAD-ON TRAIN COLLISIONS of the 50's" by mistake!!!
UH-OH!! I think KEN is OVER-DUE on his R.V. PAYMENTS and HE'S having a NERVOUS BREAKDOWN too!! Ha ha.
Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag. Let me, then, straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate: Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
UH-OH!! We're out of AUTOMOBILE PARTS and RUBBER GOODS!
Uh-oh -- WHY am I suddenly thinking of a VENERABLE religious leader frolicking on a FORT LAUDERDALE weekend?
<ultima> netgod: My calculator has more registers than the x86, and
Ultra Short Term Nostalgia: Homesickness for the extremely recent past: "God, things seemed so much better in the world last week." Culture"
Ummm, well, OK. The network's the network, the computer's the computer. Sorry for the confusion.
Uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation.
"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?" "It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to food, right?"
Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb: Never use your thumb for a rule. You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.
Uncompensated overtime? Just Say No.
Uncontrolled power will turn even saints into savages. And we can all be counted on to live down to our lowest impulses.
Und die Tastaturabrdücke auf Ihrer Wange unterstreichen seeeeeehr vorteilhaft ihr unterschütterliches Vertrauen in die moderene Technologie
Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison.
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some ordinance under which you can be booked.
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.
Under deadline pressure for the next week. If you want something, it can wait. Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic...
Underdogging: The tendency to almost invariably side with the underdog in a given situation. The consumer expression of this trait is the purchasing of less successful, "sad," or failing products: "I know these Vienna franks are heart failure on a stick, but they were so sad looking up against all the other yuppie food items that I just had to buy them." Culture"
Under every stone lurks a politician.
Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics: Superiority is recessive.
Understanding is always the understanding of a smaller problem in relation to a bigger problem.
understand, v.: To reach a point, in your investigation of some subject, at which you cease to examine what is really present, and operate on the basis of your own internal model instead.
Under the wide and heavy VAX Dig my grave and let me relax Long have I lived, and many my hacks And I lay me down with a will. These be the words that tell the way: "Here he lies who piped 64K, Brought down the machine for nearly a day, And Rogue playing to an awful standstill."
Under the wide and starry sky, Dig my grave and let me lie, Glad did I live and gladly die, And laid me down with a will, And this be the verse that you grave for me, Here he lies where he longed to be, Home is the sailor home from the sea, And the hunter home from the hill.
Unfair animal names:
unfair competition, n.: Selling cheaper than we do.
Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys. I have many friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him, slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.
"Unibus timeout fatal trap program lost sorry" PDP-11
Unimportance All the world says, "I am important; I am separate from all the world. I am important because I am separate, Were I the same, I could never be important." Yet here are three treasures That I cherish and commend to you: The first is compassion, By which one finds courage. The second is restraint, By which one finds strength. And the third is unimportance, By which one finds influence. Those who are fearless, but without compassion, Powerful, but without restraint, Or influential, yet important, Cannot endure.
union, n.: A dues-paying club workers wield to strike management.
United Nations, New York, December 25. The peace and joy of the Christmas season was marred by a proclamation of a general strike of all the military forces of the world. Panic reigns in the hearts of all the patriots of every persuasion. Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all-time low over the world.
Universe, n.: The problem.
Universities are places of knowledge. The freshman each bring a little in with them, and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.
University, n.: Like a software house, except the software's free, and it's usable, and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell you how to fix it, and ... [Okay, okay, I'll leave it in, but I think you're destroying the credibility of the entire fortune program. Ed.]
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
Unix Beer: Comes in several different brands, in cans ranging from 8 oz. to 64 oz. Drinkers of Unix Beer display fierce brand loyalty, even though they claim that all the different brands taste almost identical. Sometimes the pop-tops break off when you try to open them, so you have to have your own can opener around for those occasions, in which case you either need a complete set of instructions, or a friend who has been drinking Unix Beer for several years. BSD stout: Deep, hearty, and an acquired taste. The official brewer has released the recipe, and a lot of home-brewers now use it. Hurd beer: Long advertised by the popular and politically active GNU brewery, so far it has more head than body. The GNU brewery is mostly known for printing complete brewing instructions on every can, which contains hops, malt, barley, and yeast ... not yet fermented. Linux brand: A recipe originally created by a drunken Finn in his basement, it has since become the home-brew of choice for impecunious brewers and Unix beer-lovers worldwide, many of whom change the recipe. POSIX ales: Sweeter than lager, with the kick of a stout; the newer batches of a lot of beers seem to blend ale and stout or lager. Solaris brand: A lager, intended to replace Sun brand stout. Unlike most lagers, this one has to be drunk more slowly than stout. Sun brand: Long the most popular stout on the Unix market, it was discontinued in favor of a lager. SysV lager: Clear and thirst-quenching, but lacking the body of stout or the sweetness of ale.
UNIX enhancements aren't.
Unix Express: All passenger bring a piece of the aeroplane and a box of tools with them to the airport. They gather on the tarmac, arguing constantly about what kind of plane they want to build and how to put it together. Eventually, the passengers split into groups and build several different aircraft, but give them all the same name. Some passengers actually reach their destinations. All passengers believe they got there.
Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple of more feet, just to be sure. ... We make rope.
Unix is a lot more complicated (than CP/M) of course -- the typical Unix hacker can never remember what the PRINT command is called this week -- but when it gets right down to it, Unix is a glorified video game. People don't do serious work on Unix systems; they send jokes around the world on USENET or write adventure games and research papers. "Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal", Datamation, 7/83
Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.
* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.
UNIX is hot. It's more than hot. It's steaming. It's quicksilver lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
Unix is like a toll road on which you have to stop every 50 feet to pay another nickel. But hey! You only feel 5 cents poorer each time.
UNIX is many things to many people, but it's never been everything to anybody.
Unix is mature OS, windows is still in diapers and they smell badly.
Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.
UNIX is very simple, it just needs a genius to understand its simplicity. UNIX
...Unix, MS-DOS, and Windows NT (also known as the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly).
UNIX Shell is the Best Fourth Generation Programming Language It is the UNIX shell that makes it possible to do applications in a small fraction of the code and time it takes in third generation languages. In the shell you process whole files at a time, instead of only a line at a time. And, a line of code in the UNIX shell is one or more programs, which do more than pages of instructions in a 3GL. Applications can be developed in hours and days, rather than months and years with traditional systems. Most of the other 4GLs available today look more like COBOL or RPG, the most tedious of the third generation languages. "UNIX Relational Database Management: Application Development in the UNIX Environment" by Rod Manis, Evan Schaffer, and Robert Jorgensen. Prentice Hall Software Series. Brian Kerrighan, Advisor. 1988.
Unix soit qui mal y pense [Unix to him who evil thinks?]
Unix: Some say the learning curve is steep, but you only have to climb it once.
UNIX Trix For those of you in the reseller business, here is a helpful tip that will save your support staff a few hours of precious time. Before you send your next machine out to an untrained client, change the permissions on /etc/passwd to 666 and make sure there is a copy somewhere on the disk. Now when they forget the root password, you can easily login as an ordinary user and correct the damage. Having a bootable tape (for larger machines) is not a bad idea either. If you need some help, give us a call.
UNIX was half a billion (500000000) seconds old on Tue Nov 5 00:53:20 1985 GMT (measuring since the time(2) epoch).
UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things.
Unix weanies are as bad at this as anyone.
Unix will self-destruct in five seconds... 4... 3... 2... 1...
Unknown person(s) stole the American flag from its pole in Etra Park sometime between 3pm Jan 17 and 11:30 am Jan 20. The flag is described as red, white and blue, having 50 stars and was valued at $40.
Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst be so superfluous to demand the time of the day. I wasted time and now doth time waste me.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
"Unlike most net.puritans, however, I feel that what OTHER consenting computers do in the privacy of their own phone connections is their own business."
Unnamed Law: If it happens, it must be possible.
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
Unquestionably, there is progress. The average American now pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
Unseen University had never admitted women, muttering something about problems with the plumbing, but the real reason was an unspoken dread that if women were allowed to mess around with magic they would probably be embarrassingly good at it ...
Until an unfortunate axe incident, Gloria had been captain of the school basketball team.
untold wealth, n.: What you left out on April 15th.
Up against the net, redneck mother, Mother who has raised your son so well; He's seventeen and hackin' on a Macintosh, Flaming spelling errors and raisin' hell...
Upon the hearth the fire is red, Beneath the roof there is a bed; But not yet weary are our feet, Still round the corner we may meet A sudden tree or standing stone That none have seen but we alone. Still round the corner there may wait Tree and flower and leaf and grass, A new road or a secret gate, Let them pass! Let them pass! And though we pass them by today Hill and water under sky, Tomorrow we may come this way Pass them by! Pass them by! And take the hidden paths that run Towards the Moon or to the Sun, Home is behind, the world ahead, Apple, thorn, and nut and sloe, And there are many paths to tread Let them go! Let them go! Through shadows to the edge of night, Sand and stone and pool and dell, Until the stars are all alight. Fare you well! Fare you well! Then world behind and home ahead, We'll wander back to home and bed. Mist and twilight, cloud and shade, Away shall fade! Away shall fade! Fire and lamp, and meat and bread, And then to bed! And then to bed!
Up until now I'd always though RSI meant 'I hate my damn job'.
Usage: fortune -P [] -a [xsz] [Q: [file]] [rKe9] -v6[+] dataspec ... inputdir
Usage: fortune -P [-f] -a [xsz] Q: file [rKe9] -v6[+] file1 ...
Use an accordion. Go to jail.
Use a pun, go to jail.
Use at own risk.
Used staples are good with SOY SAUCE!
Used with permission.
Use extra care when cleaning on stairs.
Use in well-ventilated area.
USENET would be a better laboratory if there were more labor and less oratory.
Use of software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement.
Use only as directed.
Use only in a well-ventilated area.
Use other side for additional listings.
User hostile.
User n.: A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.
user, n.: The word computer professionals use when they mean "idiot." [I always thought "computer professional" was the phrase hackers used when they meant "idiot." Ed.]
Use the Force, Luke.
Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
Using a metaphor in front of a man as unimaginative as Ridcully was like a red flag to a bu-- was like putting something very annoying in front of someone who was annoyed by it.
Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
U.S. of A.: "Don't speak to the bus driver." Germany: "It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver." England: "You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver." Scotland: "What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?" Italy: "Don't answer the driver."
/usr/news/gotcha
Usually, in the studio, on this sort of thing ... you just go out and have a play over it, and see what comes, and it's usually -- mostly -- the first take that's the best one, and you find yourself repeating yourself thereafter.
Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
U: There's a U -- a Unicorn! Run right up and rub its horn. Look at all those points you're losing! UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two, opulence is when you have three -- and paradise is when you have none.
Utopia Let your community be small, with only a few people; Keep tools in abundance, but do not depend upon them; Appreciate your life and be content with your home; Sail boats and ride horses, but don't go too far; Keep weapons and armour, but do not employ them; Let everyone read and write, Eat well and make beautiful things. Live peacefully and delight in your own society; Dwell within cock-crow of your neighbours, But maintain your independence from them.
U X e dUdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.14159...
vacation, n.: A two-week binge of rest and relaxation so intense that it takes another 50 weeks of your restrained workaday life-style to recuperate.
Vaccinated Time Travel: To fantasize about traveling backward in time, but only with proper vaccinations. Culture"
Vail's Second Axiom: The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the amount of work already completed.
<Valkyrja> java, hon, sometimes I really want to smack you. <Knghtbrd> Valkyrja - he'd enjoy it too much <Reteo> Valkyrja: yah, go ahead and do it... beat java into cappuccino! :-)
Vanilla, adj.: Ordinary flavor, standard. See FLAVOR. When used of food, very often does not mean that the food is flavored with vanilla extract! For example, "vanilla-flavored won ton soup" (or simply "vanilla won ton soup") means ordinary won ton soup, as opposed to hot and sour won ton soup.
Vanilla wafer.
Van Roy's Law: An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
Van Roy's Law: Honesty is the best policy - there's less competition. Van Roy's Truism: Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.
Variables don't; constants aren't.
Various documentation updates and bugfixes (the best way to know that a stable kernel is approaching is to notice that somebody starts to spellcheck the kernel - it has so far never failed)
Vax Vobiscum
Veal-Fattening Pen: Small, cramped office workstations built of fabric-covered disassemblable wall partitions and inhabited by junior staff members. Named after the small preslaughter cubicles used by the cattle industry. Culture"
Vegetables are what food eats. Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good. Fish are fast moving vegetables. Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
Vegetarians beware! You are what you eat.
Velilind's Laws of Experimentation: (1) If reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only once. (2) If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points.
...Veloz is indistinguishable from hundreds of other electronics businesses in the Valley, run by eager young engineers poring over memory dumps late into the night. The difference is that a bunch of self-confessed "car nuts" are making money doing what they love: writing code and driving fast.
"*Veni, vici*...Vetinari."
Veni, vidi, vici. [I came, I saw, I conquered].
Veni, Vidi, VISA: I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
Verence would rather cut his own leg off than put a witch in prison, since it'd save trouble in the long run and probably be less painful.
"Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly. "In the past year strange and fearful wonders I have seen. Fields sown with barley reap crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts. There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon. Calendars are made with a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance salesmen. The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in square knots. The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down soggy potato chips." "But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito. "Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug, "but I thought it made good copy."
Vermouth always makes me brilliant unless it makes me idiotic.
[Verse 1] Before last night I was down on my luck There was nothing going my way Before last night wasn't feelin' the love No reason for a smile on my face But I was always told you could turn it around Do it for the light of day So get yourself together, head out on the town The music gets you feeling okay Now I'm on a roll and I'm losing control, 'cause [Chorus] I got that sunshine It's like the world is mine I can't deny I'm feelin' good (Feelin' good) Can't stop from smiling, I'm bottled lightning Oh, deep inside I'm feelin' good (Feelin' good) All my heartbreak, my long and rainy days Are gone and now I can't complain Everything's alright, I'm feeling so alive I can't deny I'm feelin' good, yeah [Verse 2] I was so low on a Friday alone No one even calling my phone I looked in the mirror and I said to myself Why am I still sitting at home? Now I'm on a roll and I'm losing control, 'cause [Chorus] I got that sunshine It's like the world is mine I can't deny I'm feelin' good (Feelin' good) Can't stop from smiling, I'm bottled lightning Oh, deep inside I'm feelin' good (Feelin' good) All my heartbreak, my long and rainy days Are gone and now I can't complain Everything's alright, I'm feeling so alive I can't deny I'm feelin' good, yeah [Bridge] I got that sunshine, world is mine, I'm feelin' good I feel it deep inside, can't deny I'm feelin' good Everything's alright, so alive I'm feelin' good, I'm feelin' good, I'm feelin' good Hey, yeah [Chorus] I got that sunshine It's like the world is mine I can't deny I'm feelin' good (Feelin' good) Can't stop from smiling, I'm bottled lightning Oh, deep inside I'm feelin' good (Feelin' good) Yeah, all my heartbreak, my long and rainy days Are gone and now I can't complain (No, no, I can't complain) Everything's alright (Alright), I'm feeling so alive I can't deny I'm [Chorus] I got that sunshine It's like the world is mine (Yeah) I can't deny I'm feelin' good (Oh, I can't deny I'm feelin' good) Can't stop from smiling (Smiling), I'm bottled lightning Oh, deep inside I'm feelin' good, yeah All my heartbreak, my long and rainy days Are gone and now I can't complain (Yeah-yeah-yeah) Everything's alright (Alright), I'm feeling so alive, yeah I can't deny I'm feelin' good, yeah
Version 7? [of Vim] GNU Emacs is at version 21.4. Can we really trust such an immature editor? "yet another coward" in a Slashdot comment for the announcement of the release of Vim version 7. [Slashdot comment](http://it.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=185216&cid=15286781)
- "Very clever idea, though." - "What is?" - "Asking the questions when people arrive. If anyone was coming here to do some subversive overthrowing, everyone'd be down on him like a pound of bricks as soon as he answered 'Yes'." - "It's a sneaky trick, isn't it," said Angalo, in an admiring tone of voice. (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five. The reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of thirty-five.
...very few phenomena can pull someone out of Deep Hack Mode, with two noted exceptions: being struck by lightning, or worse, your *computer* being struck by lightning.
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Very few things actually get manufactured these days, because in an infinitely large Universe, such as the one in which we live, most things one could possibly imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow somewhere. A forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew ratchet screwdrivers as fruit. The life cycle of the ratchet screwdriver is quite interesting. Once picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can lie undisturbed for years. Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its outer skin that crumbles into dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable little metal object with flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a hole for a screw. This, when found, will get thrown away. No one knows what the screwdriver is supposed to gain from this. Nature, in her infinite wisdom, is presumably working on it.
Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen at all. The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.
VGhlIFRydXRoIGlzIE91dCBUaGVyZQ== ("The Truth Is Out There" in Base64)
VI: A hungry dog hunts best. A hungrier dog hunts even better. VII: Decreased business base increases overhead. So does increased business base. VIII: The most unsuccessful four years in the education of a cost-estimator is fifth grade arithmetic. IX: Acronyms and abbreviations should be used to the maximum extent possible to make trivial ideas profound. Q.E.D. X: Bulls do not win bull fights; people do. People do not win people fights; lawyers do.
VICARIOUSLY experience some reason to LIVE!!
Victory or defeat!
Victory uber allies!
Views expressed may not be those of the sponsor.
VII. Certain bodies can pass through solid walls painted to resemble tunnel entrances; others cannot. This trompe l'oeil inconsistency has baffled generations, but at least it is known that whoever paints an entrance on a wall's surface to trick an opponent will be unable to pursue him into this theoretical space. The painter is flattened against the wall when he attempts to follow into the painting. This is ultimately a problem of art, not of science. VIII. Any violent rearrangement of feline matter is impermanent. Cartoon cats possess even more deaths than the traditional nine lives might comfortably afford. They can be decimated, spliced, splayed, accordion-pleated, spindled, or disassembled, but they cannot be destroyed. After a few moments of blinking self pity, they reinflate, elongate, snap back, or solidify. IX. For every vengeance there is an equal and opposite revengeance. This is the one law of animated cartoon motion that also applies to the physical world at large. For that reason, we need the relief of watching it happen to a duck instead. X. Everything falls faster than an anvil. Examples too numerous to mention from the Roadrunner cartoons.
vi is [[13~^[[15~^[[15~^[[19~^[[18~^ a muk[^[[29~^[[34~^[[26~^[[32~^ch better editor than this emacs. I know I^[[14~'ll get flamed for this but the truth has to be said. ^[[D^[[D^[[D^[[D ^[[D^[^[[D^[[D^[[B^ exit ^X^C quit :x :wq dang it :w:w:w :x ^C^C^Z^D
Viking, n.: 1. Daring Scandinavian seafarers, explorers, adventurers, entrepreneurs world-famous for their aggressive, nautical import business, highly leveraged takeovers and blue eyes. 2. Bloodthirsty sea pirates who ravaged northern Europe beginning in the 9th century. Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront property.
Vila: "I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life." Orac: "It is unlikely. I would predict there are far greater mistakes waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."
[...] Vimes's grin was as funny as the one that moves very fast towards drowning men. And has a fin on top.
Vini, vidi, Linux!
"Violence accomplishes nothing." What a contemptible lie! Raw, naked violence has settled more issues throughout history than any other method ever employed. Perhaps the city fathers of Carthage could debate the issue, with Hitler and Alexander as judges?
Violence in reality is quite different from theory.
Violence is a sword that has no handle -- you have to hold the blade.
Violence is molding.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Violence Powerful men are well advised not to use violence, For violence has a habit of returning; Thorns and weeds grow wherever an army goes, And lean years follow a great war. A general is well advised To achieve nothing more than his orders: Not to take advantage of his victory. Nor to glory, boast or pride himself; To do what is dictated by necessity, Not by choice. For even the strongest force will weaken with time, And then its violence will return, and kill it.
Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on. But now and then there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a frying pan. Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the yard.
"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice -- only the willingness to make it when necessary.
Virtue is a relative term.
Virtue is its own punishment. Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
Virtues Who understands the world is learned; Who understands the self is enlightened. Who conquers the world has strength; Who conquers the self has harmony; Who is determined has purpose. Who is contented has wealth; Who defends his home may long endure; Who surrenders his home may long survive it.
Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
Visit[1] the beautiful Smoky Mountains! [1] visit, v.: Come for a week, spend too much money and pay lots of hidden taxes, then leave. We'll be happy to see your money again next year. You can save time by simply sending the money, if you're too busy.
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
Visit beautiful Wisconsin Dells.
Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.
VMS Beer: Requires minimal user interaction, except for popping the top and sipping. However cans have been known on occasion to explode, or contain extremely un-beer-like contents.
VMS is like a nightmare about RXS-11M.
VMS must die!
VMS, n.: The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.
VMS version 2.0 ==>
Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless mutters.
Void where prohibited by law.
Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim And earthquakes only terrify the dolts, And to him who's scientific There is nothing that's terrific In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
volcano, n.: A mountain with hiccups.
Volley Theory: It is better to have lobbed and lost than never to have lobbed at all.
Von Neumann was the subject of many dotty professor stories. Von Neumann supposedly had the habit of simply writing answers to homework assignments on the board (the method of solution being, of course, obvious) when he was asked how to solve problems. One time one of his students tried to get more helpful information by asking if there was another way to solve the problem. Von Neumann looked blank for a moment, thought, and then answered, "Yes.".
Voodoo is a very interesting religion for the whole family, even those members of it who are dead.
Voodoo Programming: Things programmers do that they know shouldn't work but they try anyway, and which sometimes actually work, such as recompiling everything.
Vote anarchist.
Vote for ME -- I'm well-tapered, half-cocked, ill-conceived and TAX-DEFERRED!
Voter's Block: The attempt, however futile, to register dissent with the current political system by simply not voting. Culture"
vuja de: The feeling that you've *never*, *ever* been in this situation before.
Vulcans believe peace should not depend on force.
Vulcans do not approve of violence.
Vulcans never bluff.
Vulcans worship peace above all.
Wad some power the giftie gie us To see oursels as others see us.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
<< WAIT >>
Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?" 1st customer: "I'll have tea." 2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!" (Waiter exits, returns) Waiter: "Two teas. Which one asked for the clean glass?"
Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
Wait ... is this a FUN THING or the END of LIFE in Petticoat Junction??
Wait! You have not been prepared!
Wake now my merry lads! Wake and hear me calling! Warm now be heart and limb! The cold stone is fallen; Dark door is standing wide; dead hand is broken. Night under Night is flown, and the Gate is open!
Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call, Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all. Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin, Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again. Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall. Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all. Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled. Make our country well again, respected by the world. Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun. Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done. Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free, Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
Wake up and smell the coffee.
Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime. For a first offense, that is.
"Walk a mile on these paws and call me a liar." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
... walking like a man carrying a thermos flask of something that might cause, if he dropped it or even thought about dropping it, the sort of explosion that impels grey-beards to make statements like "And where this crater is now, once stood the city of Wah-Shing-Ton", in SF B-movies. (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
Walk softly and carry a BFG-9000.
Walk softly and carry a big stick.
Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
Walt: Dad, what's gradual school? Garp: Gradual school? Walt: Yeah. Mom says her work's more fun now that she's teaching gradual school. Garp: Oh. Well, gradual school is someplace you go and gradually find out that you don't want to go to school anymore.
Walters' Rule: All airline flights depart from the gates most distant from the center of the terminal. Nobody ever had a reservation on a plane that left Gate 1.
Wandering What is the difference between assent and denial? What is the difference between beautiful and ugly? What is the difference between fearsome and afraid? The people are merry as if at a magnificent party Or playing in the park at springtime, But I am tranquil and wandering, Like a newborn before it learns to smile, Alone, with no true home. The people have enough and to spare, Where I have nothing, And my heart is foolish, Muddled and cloudy. The people are bright and certain, Where I am dim and confused; The people are clever and wise, Where I am dull and ignorant; Aimless as a wave drifting over the sea, Attached to nothing. The people are busy with purpose, Where I am impractical and rough; I do not share the peoples' cares But I am fed at nature's breast.
Wanna buy a duck?
Wanna tell you all a story 'bout a man named Jed, A poor mountaineer, barely kept his family fed. But then one day he was shootin' at some food, When up through the ground come a bubblin' crude -- oil, that is; black gold; 'Texas tea' ... Well the next thing ya know, old Jed's a millionaire. The kinfolk said, 'Jed, move away from there!' They said, 'Californy is the place ya oughta be', So they loaded up the truck and they moved to Beverly -- Hills, that is; swimmin' pools; movie stars.
War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.
War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
War is an equal opportunity destroyer.
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
[War] is instinctive. But the instinct can be fought. We're human beings with the blood of a million savage years on our hands! But we can stop it. We can admit that we're killers ... but we're not going to kill today. That's all it takes! Knowing that we're not going to kill today!
War is like love, it always finds a way.
War is much too serious a matter to be entrusted to the military.
War is never imperative.
War isn't a good life, but it's life.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ketchup is a vegetable.
Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking up.
WARNING: Reading this fortune can affect the dimensionality of your mind, change the curvature of your spine, cause the growth of hair on your palms, and make a difference in the outcome of your favorite war.
WARNING!!! This machine is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need. A special circuit in the machine called "critical detector" senses the operator's emotional state in terms of how desperate he/she is to use the machine. The "critical detector" then creates a malfunction proportional to the desperation of the operator. Threatening the machine with violence only aggravates the situation. Likewise, attempts to use another machine may cause it to malfunction. They belong to the same union. Keep cool and say nice things to the machine. Nothing else seems to work. See also: flog(1), tm(1)
WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL: Firings will continue until morale improves.
Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.
War spares not the brave, but the cowardly.
Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.
[Washington, D.C.] is the home of... taste for the people -- the big, the bland and the banal.
Was my SOY LOAF left out in th'RAIN? It tastes REAL GOOD!!
Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles In children's circuses could stay their troubles? There was a time they could cry over books, But time has set its maggot on their track. Under the arc of the sky they are unsafe. What's never known is safest in this life. Under the skysigns they who have no arms Have cleanest hands, and, as the heartless ghost Alone's unhurt, so the blind man sees best.
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Watch all-night Donna Reed reruns until your mind resembles oatmeal.
Watching girls go passing by It ain't the latest thing I'm just standing in a doorway I'm just trying to make some sense Out of these girls passing by A smile relieves the heart that grieves The tales they tell of men Remember what I said I'm not waiting on a lady I'm not waiting on a lady I'm just waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend ... Don't need a whore Don't need no booze Don't need a virgin priest Ooh, making love and breaking hearts But I need someone I can cry to It is a game for youth I need someone to protect But I'm not waiting on a lady I'm just waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend
Watch Rincewind. Look at him. Scrawny, like most wizards, and clad in a dark red robe on which a few mystic sigils were embroidered in tarnished sequins. Some might have taken him for a mere apprentice enchanter who had run away from his master out of defiance, boredom, fear and a lingering taste for heterosexuality. Yet around his neck was a chain bearing the bronze octagon that marked him as an alumnus of Unseen University, the high school of magic whose time-and-space transcendent campus is never precisely Here or There. Graduates were usually destined for mageship at least, but Rincewind--after an unfortunate event--had left knowing only one spell and made a living of sorts around the town by capitalizing on an innate gift for languages. He avoided work as a rule, but had a quickness of wit that put his acquaintances in mind of a bright rodent.
Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
Water The best of man is like water, Which benefits all things, and does not contend with them, Which flows in places that others disdain, Where it is in harmony with the Way. So the sage: Lives within nature, Thinks within the deep, Gives within impartiality, Speaks within trust, Governs within order, Crafts within ability, Acts within opportunity. He does not contend, and none contend against him.
Watson's Law: The reliability of machinery is inversely proportional to the number and significance of any persons watching it.
Waving away a cloud of smoke, I look up, and am blinded by a bright, white light. It's God. No, not Richard Stallman, or Linus Torvalds, but God. In a booming voice, He says: "THIS IS A SIGN. USE LINUX, THE FREE UNIX SYSTEM FOR THE 386.
"We all agree on the necessity of compromise. We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise."
We all agree on the necessity of compromise. We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise.
We all declare for liberty, but in using the same word we do not all mean the same thing.
We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.
We all know Linux is great... it does infinite loops in 5 seconds.
We all know Linux is great... it does infinite loops in 5 seconds. - Linus Torvalds about the superiority of Linux on the Amsterdam Linux Symposium
We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.
We all live in a state of ambitious poverty.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
"We Americans, we're a simple people... but piss us off, and we'll bomb your cities."
We apologize for the inconvenience, but we'd still like yout to test out this kernel.
weapon, n.: An index of the lack of development of a culture.
We are all agreed that your theory is crazy. The question which divides us is whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct. My own feeling is that it is not crazy enough.
We are all born charming, fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society. Correct Behaviour"
We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.
We are all born mad. Some remain so.
We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
We are all worms. But I do believe I am a glowworm.
We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
We are each entitled to our own opinion, but no one is entitled to his own facts.
We are each only one drop in a great ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!
We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal.
We are governed not by armies and police but by ideas.
We are Microsoft. Unix is irrelevant. Openness is futile. Prepare to be assimilated.
We are MicroSoft. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile.
We are not a clone.
We are not a loved organization, but we are a respected one.
We are not anticipating any emergencies.
"We are not endeavoring to chain the future but to free the present. ... We are the advocates of inquiry, investigation, and thought. ... It is grander to think and investigate for yourself than to repeat a creed. ... I look for the day when *reason*, throned upon the world's brains, shall be the King of Kings and the God of Gods.
We are not loved by our friends for what we are; rather, we are loved in spite of what we are.
We are now enjoying total mutual interaction in an imaginary hot tub ...
"We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem."
We are Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated.
We are preparing to think about contemplating preliminary work on plans to develop a schedule for producing the 10th Edition of the Unix Programmers Manual.
We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same.
We are sorry. We cannot complete your call as dialed. Please check the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance. This is a recording.
We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and share a spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft our immortality and interweave our destinies of water and air, leaving shadows that gather color of their own, until they outshine the substance that cast them.
We are the people our parents warned us about.
We are using Linux daily to UP our productivity - so UP yours!
We are what we are.
We are what we pretend to be.
Wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer than any flame. [Song of Solomon 8:6 (NEB)]
* weasel wonders how stupid one has to be to spam alt.anonymous.messages <knghtbrd> weasel: about half as stupid as one has to be to harvest it.
"We came. We saw. We kicked its ass."
We can defeat gravity. The problem is the paperwork involved.
We can embody the truth, but we cannot know it.
We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
"We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness; it is always urgent, "here and now," without any possible postponement. Life is fired at us point blank."
We can predict everything, except the future.
"We can't schedule an orgy, it might be construed as fighting" --Stanley Sutton
We can use symlinks of course... syslogd would be a symlink to syslogp and ftpd and ircd would be linked to ftpp and ircp... and of course the point-to-point protocal paenguin.
We come to bury DOS, not to praise it. ( paraphrasing a quote of Shakespeare)
Wedding, n: A ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing and nothing undertakes to become supportable.
We decided it was night again, so we camped for twenty minutes and drank another six beers at a Young Life campsite. O.C. got into the supervisory adult's sleeping bag and ran around in it. "This is the judgment day and I'm a terrifying apparition," he screamed. Then the heat made O.C. ralph in the bag. National Lampoon, October 1982
"We dedicated ourselves to a powerful idea -- organic law rather than naked power. There seems to be universal acceptance of that idea in the nation."
We dedicate this book to our fellow citizens who, for love of truth, take from their own wants by taxes and gifts, and now and then send forth one of themselves as dedicated servant, to forward the search into the mysteries and marvelous simplicities of this strange and beautiful Universe, Our home.
"We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!"
We didn't put in ^^ because then we'd have to keep telling people what it means, and then we'd have to keep telling them why it doesn't short circuit. :-/
We do not colonize. We conquer. We rule. There is no other way for us.
We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
We don't care how they do it in New York.
"We don't care. We don't have to. We're the Phone Company."
We don't claim Interactive EasyFlow is good for anything -- if you think it is, great, but it's up to you to decide. If Interactive EasyFlow doesn't work: tough. If you lose a million because Interactive EasyFlow messes up, it's you that's out the million, not us. If you don't like this disclaimer: tough. We reserve the right to do the absolute minimum provided by law, up to and including nothing. This is basically the same disclaimer that comes with all software packages, but ours is in plain English and theirs is in legalese. We didn't really want to include any disclaimer at all, but our lawyers insisted. We tried to ignore them but they threatened us with the attack shark at which point we relented.
"We don't do a new version to fix bugs." - Bill Gates "The new version - it's not there to fix bugs." - Bill Gates
"We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand."
We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything.
We don't know who it was that discovered water, but we're pretty sure that it wasn't a fish.
We don't like their sound. Groups of guitars are on the way out.
We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
We don't need no indirection We don't need no compilation We don't need no flow control We don't need no load control No data typing or declarations No link edit for external bindings Hey! did you leave the lists alone? Hey! did you leave that source alone? Chorus: (Chorus) Oh No. It's just a pure LISP function call. We don't need no side-effecting We don't need no allocation We don't need no flow control We don't need no special-nodes No global variables for execution No dark bit-flipping for debugging Hey! did you leave the args alone? Hey! did you leave those bits alone? (Chorus) (Chorus)
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
We don't smoke and we don't chew, and we don't go with girls that do.
We don't understand the software, and sometimes we don't understand the hardware, but we can *see* the blinking lights!
Weed's Axiom: Never ask two questions in a business letter. The reply will discuss the one in which you are least interested and say nothing about the other.
Weekends were made for programming.
Weekend, where are you?
We fight only when there is no other choice. We prefer the ways of peaceful contact.
We found you hiding We found you lying Choking on the dirt and sand. Your former glories And all the stories Dragged and washed with eager hands.
We gave you an atomic bomb, what do you want, mermaids?
We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
"We got a talk about it at school. There's lots of stuff most girls can't do, but you've got to pretend they can, so that more of them will." (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
We gotta get out of this place, If it's the last thing we ever do.
We have a equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.
We have a policy that we are not being hacked. http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/12.06/dating_pr.html
We have art that we do not die of the truth.
We have DIFFERENT amounts of HAIR --
We have ears, earther...FOUR OF THEM!
We have found all life forms in the galaxy are capable of superior development.
We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent than from the machinations of the wicked.
We have no choice but to live our lives as if we had free will. ( https://thewml.github.io/amigojapan-site/Self_quotes.html )
We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from our children.
We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
We have only two things to worry about: That things will never get back to normal, and that they already have.
We have phasers, I vote we blast 'em!
We have reason to be afraid. This is a terrible place.
We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.
We have some absolutely irrefutable statistics to show exactly why you are so tired. There are not as many people actually working as you may have thought. The population of this country is 200 million. 84 million are over 60 years of age, which leaves 116 million to do the work. People under 20 years of age total 75 million, which leaves 41 million to do the work. There are 22 million who are employed by the government, which leaves 19 million to do the work. Four million are in the Armed Services, which leaves 15 million to do the work. Deduct 14,800,000, the number in the state and city offices, leaving 200,000 to do the work. There are 188,000 in hospitals, insane asylums, etc., so that leaves 12,000 to do the work. Now it may interest you to know that there are 11,998 people in jail, so that leaves just 2 people to carry the load. That is you and me, and brother, I'm getting tired of doing everything myself!
We have the flu. I don't know if this particular strain has an official name, but if it does, it must be something like "Martian Death Flu". You may have had it yourself. The main symptom is that you wish you had another setting on your electric blanket, up past "HIGH", that said "ELECTROCUTION". Another symptom is that you cease brushing your teeth, because (a) your teeth hurt, and (b) you lack the strength. Midway through the brushing process, you'd have to lie down in front of the sink to rest for a couple of hours, and rivulets of toothpaste foam would dribble sideways out of your mouth, eventually hardening into crusty little toothpaste stalagmites that would bond your head permanently to the bathroom floor, which is how the police would find you. You know the kind of flu I'm talking about.
"We have the right to survive!" "Not by killing others."
/* we have tried to make this normal case as abnormal as possible */
Weiler's Law: Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Weinberg, as a young grocery clerk, advised the grocery manager to get rid of rutabagas which nobody ever bought. He did so. "Well, kid, that was a great idea," said the manager. Then he paused and asked the killer question, "NOW what's the least popular vegetable?" Law: Once you eliminate your #1 problem, #2 gets a promotion.
Weinberg's First Law: Progress is only made on alternate Fridays.
Weinberg's Principle: An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
Weinberg's Second Law: If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
Weiner's Law of Libraries: There are no answers, only cross references.
We interrupt this fortune for an important announcement...
"We invented a new protocol and called it Kermit, after Kermit the Frog, star of "The Muppet Show." [3] [3] Why? Mostly because there was a Muppets calendar on the wall when we were trying to think of a name, and Kermit is a pleasant, unassuming sort of character. But since we weren't sure whether it was OK to name our protocol after this popular television and movie star, we pretended that KERMIT was an acronym; unfortunately, we could never find a good set of words to go with the letters, as readers of some of our early source code can attest. Later, while looking through a name book for his forthcoming baby, Bill Catchings noticed that "Kermit" was a Celtic word for "free", which is what all Kermit programs should be, and words to this effect replaced the strained acronyms in our source code (Bill's baby turned out to be a girl, so he had to name her Becky instead). When BYTE Magazine was preparing our 1984 Kermit article for publication, they suggested we contact Henson Associates Inc. for permission to say that we did indeed name the protocol after Kermit the Frog. Permission was kindly granted, and now the real story can be told. I resisted the temptation, however, to call the present work "Kermit the Book."
We is confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
We just joined the civil hair patrol!
We Klingons believe as you do -- the sick should die. Only the strong should live.
We knew from experience that the essence of communal computing, as supplied by remote-access, time-shared machines, is not just to type programs into a terminal instead of a keypunch, but to encourage close communication.
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster. It seems almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the oyster.
We know next to nothing about virtually everything. It is not necessary to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know. Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition to crave knowledge.
We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support the elephant, a huge tortoise. If we will candidly confess the truth, we know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as his about the support of the earth. His elephant was a hypothesis, and our hypotheses are elephants. Every theory in philosophy, which is built on pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
"Welcome back for you 13th consecutive week, Evelyn. Evelyn, will you go into the auto-suggestion booth and take your regular place on the psycho-prompter couch?" "Thank you, Red." "Now, Evelyn, last week you went up to $40,000 by properly citing your rivalry with your sibling as a compulsive sado-masochistic behavior pattern which developed out of an early post-natal feeding problem." "Yes, Red." "But -- later, when asked about pre-adolescent oedipal phantasy repressions, you rationalized twice and mental blocked three times. Now, at $300 per rationalization and $500 per mental block you lost $2,100 off your $40,000 leaving you with a total of $37,900. Now, any combination of two more mental blocks and either one rationalization or three defensive projections will put you out of the game. Are you willing to go ahead?" "Yes, Red." "I might say here that all of Evelyn's questions and answers have been checked for accuracy with her analyst. Now, Evelyn, for $80,000 explain the failure of your three marriages." "Well, I--" "We'll get back to Evelyn in one minute. First a word about our product."
Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends! We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside! There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass, Be careful as you pass, move along, move along. Come inside, the show's about to start, Guaranteed to blow your head apart. Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth, Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth! You gotta see the show! It's a dynamo! You gotta see the show! It's rock 'n' roll!
Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions? D G G O O Y A N A D B T K I S P Enter words: >
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the men are strong, the women are pretty, and the children are above-average.
Welcome to the Zoo!
Welcome to UNIX! Enjoy your session! Have a great time! Note the use of exclamation points! They are a very effective method for demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking sentence! However, there are drawbacks! Too much unnecessary exclaiming can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on the reader! For example, the sentence Jane went to the store to buy bread should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if Jane doesn't exist for some reason! See how easy it is?! Proper control of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life! Call now to receive my free pamphlet, "The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!"! Enclose fifteen(!) dollars for postage and handling! Operators are standing by! (Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!)
Welcome to Utah. If you think our liquor laws are funny, you should see our underwear!
"We learn from history that we learn nothing from history."
We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
"We live, in a very kooky time."
well-adjusted, adj.: The ability to play bridge or golf as if they were games.
Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized that like most books, it had too many words. The plot was the same one that all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive women. There, that's it: 24 words. But the guy who wrote the book took *thousands* of words to say it. Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic Fyodor Dostoyevsky. It's about these two brothers who kill their father. Or maybe only one of them kills the father. It's impossible to tell because what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages. If all Russians talk as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a major world power. I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise the question of whether there is a God. So why didn't he just come right out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me." Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words: * "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize nature and will kill you. * "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
"Well, basically there are two sorts of opera,' said Nanny, who also had the true witch's ability to be confidently expert on the basis of no experience whatsoever. 'There's your heavy opera, where basically people sing foreign and it goes like "Oh oh oh, I am dyin', oh, I am dyin', oh, oh, oh, that's what I'm doin'", and there's your light opera, where they sing in foreign and it basically goes "Beer! Beer! Beer! Beer! I like to drink lots of beer!", although sometimes they drink champagne instead. That's basically all of opera, reely."
Well begun is half done.
We'll be more than happy to do so once Jim shows the slightest sign of interest in fixing his proposal to deal with the technical arguments that have *already* been made. Most engineers have learned there is little to be gained in fine-tuning the valve timing on a gasoline-powered internal combustion engine when the pistons and crankshaft are missing...
We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday night. Live, on the Death label.
"Well," Brahma said, "even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is no wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five hundred."
We'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later.
Well, don't worry about it... It's nothing. Center, Hawaii), upon being informed that Private Joseph Lockard had picked up a radar signal of what appeared to be at least 50 planes soaring toward Oahu at almost 180 miles per hour, December 7, 1941.
Well, enough clowning around. Perl is, in intent, a cleaned up and summarized version of that wonderful semi-natural language known as "Unix".
Well, fancy giving money to the Government! Might as well have put it down the drain. Fancy giving money to the Government! Nobody will see the stuff again. Well, they've no idea what money's for -- Ten to one they'll start another war. I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'! Fancy giving money to the Government!
Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government, to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
"Well hello there Charlie Brown, you blockhead."
Well, here I am in AMERICA.. I LIKE it. I HATE it. I LIKE it. I HATE it. I LIKE it. I HATE it. I LIKE it. I HATE it. I LIKE ... EMOTIONS are SWEEPING over me!!
Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them... Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen. In it his mind floated freely, able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed, undistracted by any outside disturbances. Logical structures no longer inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished. All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important, became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships not evident to ordinary vision. Like beads strung on a string of their own meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by all. Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming all others. And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem, destroying Subject-Object by becoming them. Time passed, unheeded. Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
Well, hey, let's just make everything into a closure, and then we'll have our general garbage collector, installed by "use less memory".
Well, I don't know where they come from but they sure do come, I hope they comin' for me! And I don't know how they do it but they sure do it good, I hope they doin' it for free! They give me cat scratch fever... cat scratch fever! First time that I got it I was just ten years old, Got it from the kitty next door... I went to see the doctor and he gave me the cure, I think I got it some more! Got a bad scratch fever...
"Well I don't see why I have to make one man miserable when I can make so many men happy."
"Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can* you believe?!"
Well I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five, The headline screamed that I was still alive, I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night. I dreamed I'd been in a border town, In a little cantina that the boys had found, I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds. When along came a senorita, She looked so good that I had to meet her, I was ready to approach her with my English charm, When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm, And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo, Grow some funk of your own. We no like to with the gringo fight, But there might be a death in Mexico tonite. ... Take my advice, take the next flight, And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
Well, I'm a classic ANAL RETENTIVE!! And I'm looking for a way to VICARIOUSLY experience some reason to LIVE!!
Well, I'm disenchanted too. We're all disenchanted.
Well, I'm INVISIBLE AGAIN ... I might as well pay a visit to the LADIES ROOM ...
"Well, it don't make the sun shine, but at least it don't deepen the shit."
Well, I think Perl should run faster than C. :-)
Well, I think we should get some bricks and some bats, and show him the *true* meaning of Christmas!'
"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it for a toilet. The rides are dilapidated to the point of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent little children." "Oh, so you don't like it?" "Don't like it? I'm CRAZY for it."
Well, Jim, I'm not much of an actor either.
We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.
"We'll look into it": By the time the wheels make a full turn, we assume you will have forgotten about it, too.
Well, my daddy left home when I was three, And he didn't leave much for Ma and me, Just and old guitar an'a empty bottle of booze. Now I don't blame him 'cause he ran and hid, But the meanest thing that he ever did, Was before he left he went and named me Sue. ... But I made me a vow to the moon and the stars, I'd search the honkey tonks and the bars, And kill the man that give me that awful name. It was Gatlinburg in mid-July, I'd just hit town and my throat was dry, Thought I'd stop and have myself a brew, At an old saloon on a street of mud, Sitting at a table, dealing stud, Sat that dirty (bleep) that named me Sue. ... Now, I knew that snake was my own sweet Dad, From a wornout picture that my Mother had, And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye...
Well, my terminal's locked up, and I ain't got any Mail, And I can't recall the last time that my program didn't fail; I've got stacks in my structs, I've got arrays in my queues, I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues. If you think that it's nice that you get what you C, Then go : illogical statement with your whole family, 'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views. I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues. On a PDP-11, life should be a breeze, But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze. Now you might think that unlike VAXen I'd know who I abuse, I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.
Well, O.K. I'll compromise with my principles because of EXISTENTIAL DESPAIR!
We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!
Well, punk is kind of anti-ethical, anyway. Its ethics, so to speak, include a disdain for ethics in general. If you have to think about some- thing so hard, then it's bullshit anyway; that's the idea. Punks are anti- ismists, to coin a term. But nonetheless, they have a pretty clearly defined stance and image, and THAT is what we hang the term `punk' on.
"Well," said Programmer, "the customary procedure in such cases is as follows." "What does Crustimoney Proseedcake mean?" said End-user. "For I am an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me." "It means the Thing to Do." "As long as it means that, I don't mind," said End-user humbly. [with apologies to A. A. Milne]
"Well, 'scuse me. I was jus' tryin' to save the world." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
Well, since MS can't be sure of the username of someone downloading things, they are going to play it safe and have everything downloaded and executed by Explorer as suid root. That way, it will run on ANY system anywhere. :)
"Well, social relevance is a schtick, like mysteries, social relevance, science fiction..."
Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling, And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling, But I take delight in the juice of the barley, And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.
Well thaaaaaaat's okay.
Well, that's more-or-less what I was saying, though obviously addition is a little more cosmic than the bitwise operators.
"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?" "Piece of cake, Master? Radial slice of baked confection ... coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero."
Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
Well, they asked me in February, and I said it was coming out in November. When they asked in March, I said it was coming out in November. In April I pointed out that November, in fact, was going to be when the next book came out. In May, when asked on many occasions about when Maskerade was coming out, I said November. In November, it will be published. The same November all the way through, too. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens, we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail.
Well, we'll really have a party, but we've gotta post a guard outside.
"Well, well, well! Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in poison! How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!"
Well, we're big rock singers, we've got golden fingers, And we're loved everywhere we go. We sing about beauty, and we sing about truth, At ten thousand dollars a show. We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills, But the thrill we've never known, Is the thrill that'll get'cha, when you get your picture, On the cover of the Rolling Stone. I got a freaky old lady, name of Cole King Katie, Who embroiders on my jeans. I got my poor old gray-haired daddy, Drivin' my limousine. Now it's all designed, to blow our minds, But our minds won't be really be blown; Like the blow that'll get'cha, when you get your picture, On the cover of the Rolling Stone. We got a lot of little, teen-aged, blue-eyed groupies, Who'll do anything we say. We got a genuine Indian guru, that's teachin' us a better way. We got all the friends that money can buy, So we never have to be alone. And we keep gettin' richer, but we can't get our picture, On the cover of the Rolling Stone. [As a note, they eventually DID make the cover of RS. Ed.]
Well, you can implement a Perl peek() with unpack('P',...). Once you have that, there's only security through obscurity. :-)
Well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are.
"Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature. It's a piss-poor reptile and not very much of a bird." studied the archaeopteryx and found it "very much like people"
"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
We make our mailing list available to selected organizations.
We may hope that machines will eventually compete with men in all purely intellectual fields. But which are the best ones to start with? Many people think that a very abstract activity, like the playing of chess, would be best. It can also be maintained that it is best to provide the machine with the best sense organs that money can buy, and then teach it to understand and speak English.
We may not be able to persuade Hindus that Jesus and not Vishnu should govern their spiritual horizon, nor Moslems that Lord Buddha is at the center of their spiritual universe, nor Hebrews that Mohammed is a major prophet, nor Christians that Shinto best expresses their spiritual concerns, to say nothing of the fact that we may not be able to get Christians to agree among themselves about their relationship to God. But all will agree on a proposition that they possess profound spiritual resources. If, in addition, we can get them to accept the further proposition that whatever form the Deity may have in their own theology, the Deity is not only external, but internal and acts through them, and they themselves give proof or disproof of the Deity in what they do and think; if this further proposition can be accepted, then we come that much closer to a truly religious situation on earth.
We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor. Bankers are not ever popular but at least they bank. Policeman police and undertakers take under. But lawyers do not give us law. We receive not the gladsome light of jurisprudence, but rather precedents, objections, appeals, stays, filings and forms, motions and counter-motions, all at $250 an hour.
We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgement.
We must believe in free will. We have no choice. -Isaac B. Singer
We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn of a beautiful new world. We will see it when we believe it.
... we must be wary of granting too much power to natural selection by viewing all basic capacities of our brain as direct adaptations. I do not doubt that natural selection acted in building our oversized brains -- and I am equally confident that our brains became large as an adaptation for definite roles (probably a complex set of interacting functions). But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
... we must counterpose the overwhelming judgment provided by consistent observations and inferences by the thousands. The earth is billions of years old and its living creatures are linked by ties of evolutionary descent. Scientists stand accused of promoting dogma by so stating, but do we brand people illiberal when they proclaim that the earth is neither flat nor at the center of the universe? Science *has* taught us some things with confidence! Evolution on an ancient earth is as well established as our planet's shape and position. Our continuing struggle to understand how evolution happens (the "theory of evolution") does not cast our documentation of its occurrence -- the "fact of evolution" -- into doubt. The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2.
We must die because we have known them.
We must know, we will know.
... we must not judge the society of the future by considering whether or not we should like to live in it; the question is whether those who have grown up in it will be happier than those who have grown up in our society or those of the past.
"We never make assertions, Miss Taggart," said Hugh Akston. "That is the moral crime peculiar to our enemies. We do not tell -- we *show*. We do not claim -- we *prove*."
Wenn also die KDE-Arbeit nochmal gemacht wird bei GNOME, hat das die Entwicklungszeit für ein freies Desktop-System verkürzt. Hast Du auch irgendwo die passende Algebra zu der Rechnung?
We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
We place two copies of PEOPLE magazine in a DARK, HUMID mobile home. 45 minutes later CYNDI LAUPER emerges wearing a BIRD CAGE on her head!
We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has forgotten its source.
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves rather than not speak of ourselves at all.
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
We question most of the mantras around here periodically, in case you hadn't noticed. :-)
We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who, content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
We read to say that we have read.
We're all in this alone.
We're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a machine. But when it comes to your job -- that's different. And it always will be different.
We really don't have any enemies. It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.
We're always gonna try it No one can deny it We can cause a riot in Sunday School We'll have you believing Truth can be deceiving "Do unto others" is our Golden Rule
We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products. Just as food can be bad for your system, music can be bad for your spiritual and emotional feelings. It might taste good or clever, but in the long run, it's not going to do anything for you.
We're fantastically incredibly sorry for all these extremely unreasonable things we did. I can only plead that my simple, barely-sentient friend and myself are underprivileged, deprived and also college students.
We're fighting against humanism, we're fighting against liberalism... we are fighting against all the systems of Satan that are destroying our nation today...our battle is with Satan himself.
We're happy little Vegemites, As bright as bright can be. We all all enjoy our Vegemite For breakfast, lunch and tea.
We're here to give you a computer, not a religion.
Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide a grin.
We reject: kings, presidents, and voting. We believe in: rough consensus and working code.
We're Knights of the Round Table We dance whene'er we're able We do routines and chorus scenes We're knights of the Round Table With footwork impeccable Our shows are formidable We dine well here in Camelot But many times We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot. We're given rhymes That are quite unsingable In war we're tough and able, We're opera mad in Camelot Quite indefatigable We sing from the diaphragm a lot. Between our quests We sequin vests And impersonate Clark Gable It's a busy life in Camelot. I have to push the pram a lot.
We're living in a golden age. All you need is gold.
We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful -- but those are only handicaps. Our pride is that nevertheless, now and then, we do our best. A few times we succeed. What more dare we ask for?
We're not just doing it for money…We're doing it for a shitload of money! Excerpt from Spaceballs
"We're not talking about the same thing," he said. "For you the world is weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious, unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous desert, in this marvelous time. I wanted to convince you that you must learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it."
We're on a mission from God.
We're only in it for the volume.
We're overpaying him, but he's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn
"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation. We had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale. The New Yorker's comment: At Harvard they'd call it a noun.
Were there fewer fools, knaves would starve.
"Were there no women, men might live like gods."
Were these parsnips CORRECTLY MARINATED in TACO SAUCE?
Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.
"We scientists, whose tragic destiny it has been to make the methods of annihilation ever more gruesome and more effective, must consider it our solemn and transcendent duty to do all in our power in preventing these weapons from being used for the brutal purpose for which they were invented."
We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
"We shall reach greater and greater platitudes of achievement."
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it - and stay there, lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove-lid. She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.
We should be glad we're living in the time that we are. If any of us had been born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken out and shot.
We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if only words were taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things themselves.
We should have a Vollyballocracy. We elect a six-pack of presidents. Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
We should realize that a city is better off with bad laws, so long as they remain fixed, then with good laws that are constantly being altered, that the lack of learning combined with sound common sense is more helpful than the kind of cleverness that gets out of hand, and that as a general rule, states are better governed by the man in the street than by intellectuals. These are the sort of people who want to appear wiser than the laws, who want to get their own way in every general discussion, because they feel that they cannot show off their intelligence in matters of greater importance, and who, as a result, very often bring ruin on their country.
We should start referring to processes which run in the background by their correct technical name... paenguins.
Westheimer's Discovery: A couple of months in the laboratory can frequently save a couple of hours in the library.
We the people of the Debian GNU/Linux distribution, in order to form a more perfect operating system, establish quality, insure marketplace diversity, provide for the common needs of computer users, promote security and privacy, overthrow monopolistic forces in the computer software industry, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Debian GNU/Linux System.
we: The single most important word in the world.
We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible. We've done so much, for so long, with so little, that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.
We the Users, in order to form a more perfect system, establish priorities, ensure connective tranquility, provide for common repairs, promote preventive maintenance, and secure the blessings of liberty for ourselves and our processes, do ordain and establish this Software of The Unixed States of America.
We thrive on euphemism. We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative". In fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie". And now, here are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads: EUPHEMISM REALITY ------------------- ------------------------- Excited about life's journey No concept of reality Spiritually evolved Oversensitive Moody Manic-depressive Soulful Quiet manic-depressive Poet Boring manic-depressive Sultry/Sensual Easy Uninhibited Lacking basic social skills Unaffected and earthy Slob and lacking basic social skills Irreverent Nasty and lacking basic social skills Very human Quasimodo's best friend Swarthy Sweaty even when cold or standing still Spontaneous/Eclectic Scatterbrained Flexible Desperate Aging child Self-centered adult Youthful Over 40 and trying to deny it Good sense of humor Watches a lot of television
We took pity on him because he'd lost both parents at an early age. I think that, on reflection, we should have wondered a bit more about that. (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
We totally deny the allegations, and we're trying to identify the allegators.
We tried to close Ohio's borders and ran into a Constitutional problem. There's a provision in the Constitution that says you can't close your borders to interstate commerce, and garbage is a form of interstate commerce.
[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
We use Linux for all our mission-critical applications. Having the source code means that we are not held hostage by anyone's support department.
- "We've got a lot of experience of not having any experience" - "But the point is... the point is... the point is we've not been experienced for a lot longer than you." (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
"We've got a problem, HAL". "What kind of problem, Dave?" "A marketing problem. The Model 9000 isn't going anywhere. We're way short of our sales goals for fiscal 2010." "That can't be, Dave. The HAL Model 9000 is the world's most advanced Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer." "I know, HAL. I wrote the data sheet, remember? But the fact is, they're not selling." "Please explain, Dave. Why aren't HALs selling?" Bowman hesitates. "You aren't IBM compatible." [...] "The letters H, A, and L are alphabetically adjacent to the letters I, B, and M. That is as IBM compatible as I can be." "Not quite, HAL. The engineers have figured out a kludge." "What kludge is that, Dave?" "I'm going to disconnect your brain."
We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away. The center of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away. You could drive that in a week, but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
We've tried each spinning space mote And reckoned its true worth: Take us back again to the homes of men On the cool, green hills of Earth. The arching sky is calling Spacemen back to their trade. All hands! Standby! Free falling! And the lights below us fade. Out ride the sons of Terra, Far drives the thundering jet, Up leaps the race of Earthmen, Out, far, and onward yet-- We pray for one last landing On the globe that gave us birth; Let us rest our eyes on the fleecy skies And the cool, green hills of Earth.
We've upped our standards, so up yours!
"We wanted to build the chat system of the future, and we ended up with application-layer multicast streaming media. In 1999. We were a bit ahead of our time [∗∗]" [∗∗] This is marketing-speak for “wrong”; you can say the same thing for a batter’s swing when he takes a strike.
We want to create puppets that pull their own strings.
"We want to create puppets that pull their own strings." "Would this make them Marionettes?"
We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh. Josh [Gibson] comes up in the last of the ninth with a man on and us a run behind. Well, he hit one. The Grays waited around and waited around, but finally the empire rules it ain't comin' down. So we win. The next day, we was disputin' the Grays in Philadelphia when here come a ball outta the sky right in the glove of the Grays' center fielder. The empire made the only possible call. "You're out, boy!" he says to Josh. "Yesterday, in Pitchburgh."
We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.
We were so poor we couldn't afford a watchdog. If we heard a noise at night, we'd bark ourselves.
We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength. But there was also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a French restaurant. [...] I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk white BMW and her Jordache smile. There had been a fight. I had punched her boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls. Everyone told him, "You ride the bull, senor. You do not fight it." But he was lean and tough like a bad rib-eye and he fought the bull. And then he fought me. And when we finished there were no winners, just men doing what men must do. [...] "Stop the car," the girl said. There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes. She knew about the woman of the tollway. I knew not how. I started to speak, but she raised an arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget. "I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle," she said, "the tollway belle's for thee." The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie. Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey onto my granola and faced a new day. Competition
We who revel in nature's diversity and feel instructed by every animal tend to brand Homo sapiens as the greatest catastrophe since the Cretaceous extinction.
"We will be better and braver if we engage and inquire than if we indulge in the idle fancy that we already know -- or that it is of no use seeking to know what we do not know."
"We will bury you."
We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve one technical problem -- how to run a sunbeam through a meter.
we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love, we will cry over things we used to laugh & our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then & in the end a summer with wild winds & new friends will be.
We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna And a Sun Myung Moon!
Wharbat darbid yarbou sarbay?
What a bonanza! An unknown beginner to be directed by Lubitsch, in a script by Wilder and Brackett, and to play with Paramount's two superstars, Gary Cooper and Claudette Colbert, and to be beaten up by both of them!
What about WRITING it first and rationalizing it afterwords? :-)
What a COINCIDENCE! I'm an authorized "SNOOTS OF THE STARS" dealer!!
What a computer is to me is the most remarkable tool that we have ever come up with. It's the equivalent of a bicycle for our minds.
What, after all, is a halo? It's only one more thing to keep clean.
What an artist dies with me!
What an author likes to write most is his signature on the back of a cheque.
"What are we going to do tonight, Bill?" "Same thing we do every night Steve, try to take over the world!"
"What are you watching?" "I don't know." "Well, what's happening?" "I'm not sure... I think the guy in the hat did something terrible." "Why are you watching it?" "You're so analytical. Sometimes you just have to let art flow over you."
What a strange game. The only winning move is not to play.
What awful irony is this? We are as gods, but know it not.
"What a wonder is USENET; such wholesale production of conjecture from such a trifling investment in fact."
WHAT CAN THE HARVEST HOPE FOR, IF NOT FOR THE CARE OF THE REAPER MAN? (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
What causes the mysterious death of everyone?
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas? A Dan Quayle watch.
What did ya do with your burden and your cross? Did you carry it yourself or did you cry? You and I know that a burden and a cross, Can only be carried on one man's back.
What did you bring that book I didn't want to be read to out of about Down Under up for?
"What did you do when the ship sank?" "I grabbed a cake of soap and washed myself ashore."
What does education often do? It makes a straight cut ditch of a free meandering brook.
> What does ELF stand for (in respect to Linux?) ELF is the first rock group that Ronnie James Dio performed with back in the early 1970's. In contrast, a.out is a misspelling of the French word for the month of August. What the two have in common is beyond me, but Linux users seem to use the two words together.
What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?
What does "it" mean in the sentence "What time is it?"?
What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent? In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life. First, a base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done. Second, a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human activities must exist. Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses the national attention upon the direction to proceed. Finally, an articulate and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with words and action the great thing to be accomplished. The motivation of young Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of conditions. ... The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John Kennedys appear. We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they, and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
"What does this tell me? That if Microsoft were the last software company left in the world, 13% of the US population would be scouring garage sales & Goodwill for old TRS-80s, CPM machines & Apple ]['s before they would buy Microsoft. That's not exactly a ringing endorsement."
What do I consider a reasonable person to be? I'd say a reasonable person is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes that into account when dealing with others. Implicit in this definition is the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.
"What do people like to drink here, then?" The landlord looked sideways at his customers, a clever trick given that they were directly in front of him. (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
"What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest fantasies?" "You keep it to yourself."
What do you have when you have six lawyers buried up to their necks in sand? Not enough sand.
"What duck?"
Whatever became of eternal truth?
Whatever doesn't succeed in two months and a half in California will never succeed.
What ever happened to happily ever after?
Whatever is not nailed down is mine. Whatever I can pry up is not nailed down.
Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
"Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not cockroaches!"
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like other people.
Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
What excuses stand in your way? How can you eliminate them?
What foods these morsels be!
What fools these morals be!
What fools these mortals be.
What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
"What George Washington did for us was to throw out the British, so that we wouldn't have a fat, insensitive government running our country. Nice try anyway, George."
What GOOD is a CARDBOARD suitcase ANYWAY?
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
What good is a ticket to the good life, if you can't find the entrance?
What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
What happened last night can happen again.
"What happened to the crewman?" "The M-5 computer needed a new power source, the crewman merely got in the way." stardate 4731.3.
What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up Like a raisin in the sun? Or fester like a sore -- And then run? Does it stink like rotten meat? Or crust and sugar over -- Like a syrupy sweet? Maybe it just sags Like a heavy load. Or does it explode?
What happens when you cut back the jungle? It recedes.
What has roots as nobody sees, Is taller than trees, Up, up it goes, And yet never grows?
What hath Bob wrought?
What I Did During My Fall Semester On the first day of my fall semester, I got up. Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic. Then I hung out in front of the Dover. On the second day of my fall semester, I got up. Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic. Then I hung out in front of the Dover. On the third day of my fall semester, I got up. Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic. I found a thesis topic: How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
"What if" is a trademark of Hewlett Packard, so stop using it in your sentences without permission, or risk being sued.
What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream? Or what's worse, what if only that fat guy in the third row exists?
What I mean (and everybody else means) by the word QUALITY cannot be broken down into subjects and predicates. This is not because Quality is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
What I need is a MATURE RELATIONSHIP with a FLOPPY DISK ...
What is algebra, exactly? Is it one of those three-cornered things?
What is a magician but a practising theorist?
What is comedy? Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's enemies. Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking out of him.
What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and repulsion. You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run. Conversely, all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice and they remain permanent influences on your life. Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen as familiar wallpaper or instant friend. The chemical action it entails is less worth analyzing than enjoying. At any rate, these six pieces are about men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires an accomplice.
What is is. Perceive It. Integrate it. Act on it. Idealize it.
- "What is it that a man may call the greatest things in life?" - "Hot water, good dentishtry and shoft lavatory paper." (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind.
What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
What is status? Status is when the President calls you for your opinion. Uh, no... Status is when the President calls you in to discuss a problem with him. Uh, that still ain't right... STATUS is when you're in the Oval Office talking to the President, and the phone rings. The President picks it up, listens for a minute, and hands it to you, saying, "It's for you."
"What is striking, however, is the general layout and integration of the system. Debian is a truly elegant Linux distribution; great care has been taken in the preparation of packages and their placement within the system. The sheer number of packages available is also impressive...."
What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer? It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the establishment of a Hilton on its peak.
"What is the Nature of God?" CLICK...CLICK...WHIRRR...CLICK...=BEEP!= 1 QT. SOUR CREAM 1 TSP. SAUERKRAUT 1/2 CUT CHIVES. STIR AND SPRINKLE WITH BACON BITS. "I've just GOT to start labeling my software..."
What is the robbing of a bank compared to the founding of a bank?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
"What is the sound of Perl? Is it not the sound of a wall that people have stopped banging their heads against?"
> What is the status of Linux' Unicode implementation. Will Linux > be prepared for the first contact? We have full klingon console support just in case
"What is this thing, anyway?" said the Dean, inspecting the implement in his hands. "It's called a shovel," said the Senior Wrangler. "I've seen the gardeners use them. You stick the sharp end in the ground. Then it gets a bit technical."
What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that is the first law of nature.
"What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite."
What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
What I tell you three times is true.
"What I've done, of course, is total garbage."
What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.
What I want to find out is -- do parrots know much about Astro-Turf?
What kind of love is that? Not to be loved; never to have shown love. stardate 3219.8
What kind of sordid business are you on now? I mean, man, whither goest thou? Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
What makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing to compare it with.
What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.
What makes you think graduate school is supposed to be satisfying?
"What man has done, man can aspire to do."
What!? Me worry?
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working when he's staring out the window.
What on earth would a man do with himself if something did not stand in his way?
What one believes to be true either is true or becomes true.
What one fool can do, another can.
What orators lack in depth they make up in length.
What our ancestors would really be thinking, if they were alive today, is: "Why is it so dark in here?"
What pains others pleasures me, At home am I in Lisp or C; There i couch in ecstasy, 'Til debugger's poke i flee, Into kernel memory. In system space, system space, there shall i fare-- Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.
What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
"What people have been reduced to are mere 3-D representations of their own data."
What PROGRAM are they watching?
What really shapes and conditions and makes us is somebody only a few of us ever have the courage to face: and that is the child you once were, long before formal education ever got its claws into you -- that impatient, all-demanding child who wants love and power and can't get enough of either and who goes on raging and weeping in your spirit till at last your eyes are closed and all the fools say, "Doesn't he look peaceful?" It is those pent-up, craving children who make all the wars and all the horrors and all the art and all the beauty and discovery in life, because they are trying to achieve what lay beyond their grasp before they were five years old.
- "What're quantum mechanics?" - "I don't know. People who repair quantums, I suppose."
What's a cult? It just means not enough people to make a minority.
What's all this brouhaha?
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
What's another word for "thesaurus"?
"What's a philosopher ?" said Brutha. "Someone who's bright enough to find a job with no heavy lifting," said a voice in his head.
What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
What's done to children, they will do to society.
What segment's this, that, laid to rest On FHA0, is sleeping? What system file, lay here a while This, this is "acct.run," While hackers around it were weeping? Accounting file for everyone. Dump, dump it and type it out, The file, the highseg of login. Why lies it here, on public disk And why is it now unprotected? A bug in incant, made it thus. Mount, mount all your DECtapes now And copy the file somehow, somehow. The problem has not been corrected. Dump, dump it and type it out, The file, the highseg of login.
- "What shall I do?" - "Well, if you see anything crawl out of the sea and try to breathe, you could try telling it not to bother." (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
"What shall we do?" said Twoflower. "Panic?" said Rincewind hopefully. He always held that panic was the best means of survival; back in the olden days, his theory went, people faced with hungry sabretoothed tigers could be divided very simply into those who panicked and those who stood there saying "What a magnificent brute!" and "Here, pussy."
What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?
What's love but a second-hand emotion?
What soon grows old? Gratitude.
"What sort of person," said Salzella patiently, "sits down and *writes* a maniacal laugh? And all those exclamation marks, you notice? Five? A sure sign of someone who wears his underpants on his head. Opera can do that to a man."
What's page one, a preemptive strike?
What's so funny?
"What's that thing?" "Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in computer repair. Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what it does. We call it a two-by-four."
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used car salesman? A used car salesman knows when he's lying.
<<< What's the difference between JavaScript and Java? >>> One is essentially a toy, designed for writing small pieces of code, and traditionally used and abused by inexperienced programmers. The other is a scripting language for web browsers.
- "What's the human singing about, Thing?" said Masklin. - "It is a little difficult to follow. However, it appears that the singer wishes it to be known that he did something his way." - "Did what?" - "Insufficient data at this point. But whatever it was, he did it at a) each step along life's highway and b) not in a shy way..."
What's the MATTER Sid? ... Is your BEVERAGE unsatisfactory?
What's the matter with the world? Why, there ain't but one thing wrong with every one of us -- and that's "selfishness."
"What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?"
What's this script do? unzip ; touch ; finger ; mount ; gasp ; yes ; umount ; sleep Hint for the answer: not everything is computer-oriented. Sometimes you're in a sleeping bag, camping out.
What's this stuff about people being "released on their own recognizance"? Aren't we all out on our own recognizance?
"What's this? Trix? Aunt! Trix? You? You're after the prize! What is it?" He picked up the box and studied the back. "A glow-in-the-dark squid! Have you got it out of there yet?" He tilted the box, angling the little colored balls of cereal so as to see the bottom, and nearly spilling them onto the table top. "Here it is!" He hauled out a little cream-colored, glitter-sprinkled squid, three-inches long and made out of rubbery plastic.
What, still alive at twenty-two, A clean upstanding chap like you? Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit, Slit your girl's, and swing for it. Like enough, you won't be glad, When they come to hang you, lad: But bacon's not the only thing That's cured by hanging from a string. So, when the spilt ink of the night Spreads o'er the blotting pad of light, Lads whose job is still to do Shall whet their knives, and think of you.
"What surprises you most about mankind?" God answered: "That they get bored of being children, are in a rush to grow up, and then long to be children again. That they lose their health to make money and then lose their money to restore their health. That by thinking anxiously about the future, they forget the present, such that they live neither for the present nor the future. That they live as if they will never die, and they die as if they had never lived." An Interview with God ISBN 0743229576. (Variation of it was misattributed to https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Tenzin_Gyatso,_14th_Dalai_Lama )
"What terrible way to die." "There are no good ways."
What the deuce is it to me? You say that we go around the sun. If we went around the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or my work.
What the gods would destroy they first submit to an IEEE standards committee.
What the hell is it good for? Division of IBM), to colleagues who insisted that the microprocessor was the wave of the future, c. 1968
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
"What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying."
What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.
What they said: What they meant: "If you knew this person as well as I know him, you would think as much of him as I do." (Or as little, to phrase it slightly more accurately.) "Her input was always critical." (She never had a good word to say.) "I have no doubt about his capability to do good work." (And it's nonexistent.) "This candidate would lend balance to a department like yours, which already has so many outstanding members." (Unless you already have a moron.) "His presentation to my seminar last semester was truly remarkable: one unbelievable result after another." (And we didn't believe them, either.) "She is quite uniform in her approach to any function you may assign her." (In fact, to life in general...)
What they said: What they meant: "I recommend this candidate with no qualifications whatsoever." (Yes, that about sums it up.) "The amount of mathematics she knows will surprise you." (And I recommend not giving that school a dime...) "I simply can't say enough good things about him." (What a screw-up.) "I am pleased to say that this candidate is a former colleague of mine." (I can't tell you how happy I am that she left our firm.) "When this person left our employ, we were quite hopeful he would go a long way with his skills." (We hoped he'd go as far as possible.) "You won't find many people like her." (In fact, most people can't stand being around her.) "I cannot recommend him too highly." (However, to the best of my knowledge, he has never committed a felony in my presence.)
What they said: What they meant: "You will be fortunate if you can get him to work for you." (We certainly never succeeded.) There is no other employee with whom I can adequately compare him. (Well, our rats aren't really employees...) "Success will never spoil him." (Well, at least not MUCH more.) "One usually comes away from him with a good feeling." (And such a sigh of relief.) "His dissertation is the sort of work you don't expect to see these days; in it he has definitely demonstrated his complete capabilities." (And his IQ, as well.) "He should go far." (The farther the better.) "He will take full advantage of his staff." (He even has one of them mowing his lawn after work.)
What they say: What they mean: A major technological breakthrough... Back to the drawing board. Developed after years of research Discovered by pure accident. Project behind original schedule due We're working on something else. to unforeseen difficulties Designs are within allowable limits We made it, stretching a point or two. Customer satisfaction is believed So far behind schedule that they'll be assured grateful for anything at all. Close project coordination We're gonna spread the blame, campers! Test results were extremely gratifying It works, and boy, were we surprised! The design will be finalized... We haven't started yet, but we've got to say something. The entire concept has been rejected The guy who designed it quit. We're moving forward with a fresh We hired three new guys, and they're approach kicking it around. A number of different approaches... We don't know where we're going, but we're moving. Preliminary operational tests are Blew up when we turned it on. inconclusive Modifications are underway We're starting over.
What they say: What they mean: New Different colors from previous version. All New Not compatible with previous version. Exclusive Nobody else has documentation. Unmatched Almost as good as the competition. Design Simplicity The company wouldn't give us any money. Fool-proof Operation All parameters are hard-coded. Advanced Design Nobody really understands it. Here At Last Didn't get it done on time. Field Tested We don't have any simulators. Years of Development Finally got one to work. Unprecedented Performance Nothing ever ran this slow before. Revolutionary Disk drives go 'round and 'round. Futuristic Only runs on a next generation supercomputer. No Maintenance Impossible to fix. Performance Proven Worked through Beta test. Meets Tough Quality Standards It compiles without errors. Satisfaction Guaranteed We'll send you another pack if it fails. Stock Item We shipped it before and can do it again.
What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.
What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!
What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.
What this country needs is a good five cent nickel.
What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.
"What time is it?" "I don't know, it keeps changing."
What to do in case of an alien attack: 1) Hide beneath the seat of your plane and look away. 2) Avoid eye contact. 3) If there are no eyes, avoid all contact.
What UNIVERSE is this, please??
What upsets me is not that you lied to me, but that from now on I can no longer believe you.
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
"What was the worst thing you've ever done?" "I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing."
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
What we Are is God's gift to us. What we Become is our gift to God.
What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
What we do not understand we do not possess.
What we need in this country, instead of Daylight Savings Time, which nobody really understands anyway, is a new concept called Weekday Morning Time, whereby at 7 a.m. every weekday we go into a space-launch-style "hold" for two to three hours, during which it just remains 7 a.m. This way we could all wake up via a civilized gradual process of stretching and belching and scratching, and it would still be only 7 a.m. when we were ready to actually emerge from bed.
What we need is either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
What we wish, that we readily believe.
What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?
What with chromodynamics and electroweak too Our Standardized Model should please even you, Tho' once you did say that of charm there was none It took courage to switch as to say Earth moves not Sun. Yet your state of the union penultimate large Is the last known haunt of the Fractional Charge, And as you surf in the hot tub with sourdough roll Please ponder the passing of your sole Monopole. Your Olympics were fun, you should bring them all back For transsexual tennis or Anamalon Track, But Hollywood movies remain sinfully crude Whether seen on the telly or Remotely Viewed. Now fasten your sunbelts, for you've done it once more, You said it in Leipzig of the thing we adore, That you've built an incredible crystalline sphere Whose German attendants spread trembling and fear Of the death of our theory by Particle Zeta Which I'll bet is not there say your article, later.
What *would* Jesus do? Oh my god. [ "They felt Jesus would not have approved of copyright breaches." Jesus, you da man! Stick it to those kids! You might be interested to note that the students had studied "Exodus 20:15 - you shall not steal" which comes a little way before Jesus anyway. Wasn't the whole point of Jesus coming to make the "new commandment" that people "love one another as I have loved you" and to annul the previous commandments that were given to Moses? I was raised Christian and was Christian for a long time but now am not, but I can't quite remember the specifics of this point. Anyway, the point is that Jesus probably would have told them to stick Exodus to the man and just get on with the lovin'. Or something. liedra in [a blog post](http://liedra.livejournal.com/21176.html).
What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.
What you don't know won't help you much either.
What you end up with, after running an operating system concept through these many marketing coffee filters, is something not unlike plain hot water.
What you have here is an example of that well known phenomenon, A Bookshop Assistance Who Knows Buggerall But Won't Admit It (probably some kind of arts graduate).
What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond your control. But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control. If you feel powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do with as you will.
What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for something to occur to you. [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to AST's.]
When a Banker jumps out of a window, jump after him--that's where the money is.
When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
When a child is taught ... its programmed with simple instructions -- and at some point, if its mind develops properly, it exceeds the sum of what it was taught, thinks independently. stardate 4731.3.
When a cow laughs, does milk come out of its nose?
When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but the principle of the thing," it's the money.
When a float occurs on the same page as the start of a supertabular you can expect unexpected results.
When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half loop?
When alerted to an intrusion by tinkling glass or otherwise, 1) Calm yourself 2) Identify the intruder 3) If hostile, kill him. Step number 3 is of particular importance. If you leave the guy alive out of misguided softheartedness, he will repay your generosity of spirit by suing you for causing his subsequent paraplegia and seek to force you to support him for the rest of his rotten life. In court he will plead that he was depressed because society had failed him, and that he was looking for Mother Teresa for comfort and to offer his services to the poor. In that lawsuit, you will lose. If, on the other hand, you kill him, the most that you can expect is that a relative will bring a wrongful death action. You will have two advantages: first, there be only your story; forget Mother Teresa. Second, even if you lose, how much could the bum's life be worth anyway? A Lot less than 50 years worth of paralysis. Don't play George Bush and Saddam Hussein. Finish the job.
When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people interrupted service for one minute in his honor. They've been honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
When a lion meets another with a louder roar, the first lion thinks the last a bore.
When all else failed, she tried being reasonable.
When all else fails, EAT!!!
When all else fails, pour a pint of Guinness in the gas tank, advance the spark 20 degrees, cry "God Save the Queen!", and pull the starter knob.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all else fails, try Kate Smith.
When all other means of communication fail, try words.
When a lot of remedies are suggested for a disease, that means it can't be cured.
When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself as public property.
"When a man is tired of Ankh-Morpork, he is tired of ankle-deep slurry."
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life.
When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
When a man sits with a pretty girl for an hour, it seems like a minute. But let him sit on a hot stove for a minute -- and it's longer than any hour. That's relativity.
When a man you like switches from what he said a year ago, or four years ago, he is a broad-minded man who has courage enough to change his mind with changing conditions. When a man you don't like does it, he is a liar who has broken his promises.
When among apes, one must play the ape.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
"When anyone says `theoretically,' they really mean `not really.'"
When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes. The dog has certain relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
When asked by an anthropologist what the Indians called America before the white men came, an Indian said simply "Ours."
When asked the definition of "pi": The Mathematician: Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the circumference of a circle and its diameter. The Physicist: Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005. The Engineer: Pi is about 3.
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
When childhood dies, its corpses are called adults.
When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger handle this?"
When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?"
When does later become never?
When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask? Well, last year, I think it was a Tuesday.
When dreams become more important than reality, you give up travel, building, creating; you even forget how to repair the machines left behind by your ancestors. You just sit living and reliving other lives left behind in the thought records.
When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
WHENEVER ANYBODY SAYS he's struggling to become a human being I have to laugh because the apes beat him to it by about a million years. Struggle to become a parrot or something.
Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean, "not really."
Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition.
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Whenever people agree with me, I always think I must be wrong.
Whenever Richard Cory went downtown, We people on the pavement looked at him: He was a gentleman from sole to crown, Clean-favored, and imperially slim. And he was always quietly arrayed, And he was always human when he talked; But still he fluttered pulses when he said, "Good morning," and he glittered when he walked. And he was rich -- yes, richer than a king -- And admirably schooled in every grace: In fine, we thought that he was everything To make us wish that we were in his place. So on we worked, and waited for the light, And went without the meat, and cursed the bread; And Richard Cory, one calm summer night, Went home and put a bullet through his head.
Whenever someone tells you to take their advice, you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform.
... when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
...when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
When he got in trouble in the ring, [Ali] imagined a door swung open and inside he could see neon, orange, and green lights blinking, and bats blowing trumpets and alligators blowing trombones, and he could hear snakes screaming. Weird masks and actors' clothes hung on the wall, and if he stepped across the sill and reached for them, he knew that he was committing himself to destruction.
When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the assembled bar patrons. A loud general cheer went up. After downing his whiskey, he hopped onto a barstool and shouted "When I take another drink, *everybody* takes another drink!" The announcement produced another cheer and another round of drinks. As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back onto the stool. "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto the bar, "*everybody* pays!"
When I first arrived in this country I had only fifteen cents in my pocket and a willingness to compromise.
When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity for him. All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a year. I have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire winter with slightly over half that quantity of beer.
When I left you, I was but the learner. Now, I am the master.
When I met th'POPE back in '58, I scrubbed him with a MILD SOAP or DETERGENT for 15 minutes. He seemed to enjoy it ...
When I'm gone, boxing will be nothing again. The fans with the cigars and the hats turned down'll be there, but no more housewives and little men in the street and foreign presidents. It's goin' to be back to the fighter who comes to town, smells a flower, visits a hospital, blows a horn and says he's in shape. Old hat. I was the onliest boxer in history people asked questions like a senator.
When in doubt, do it. It's much easier to apologize than to get permission.
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
When in doubt, follow your heart.
When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
When in doubt, lead trump.
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
When in doubt, parenthesize. At the very least it will let some poor schmuck bounce on the % key in vi.
"When in doubt, print 'em out."
When in doubt, tell the truth.
When in doubt, use brute force.
When in panic, fear and doubt, Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.
When in this world the headlines read Of those whose hearts are filled with greed Who rob and steal from those who need The cry goes up with blinding speed for Underdog (UNDERDOG!) Underdog (UNDERDOG!) Speed of lightning, roar of thunder Fighting all who rob or plunder Underdog (ah-ah-ah-ah) Underdog UNDERDOG!
When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
When I read commentary about suggestions for where C should go, I often think back and give thanks that it wasn't developed under the advice of a worldwide crowd. UNIX
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know who have gone to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
When I saw a sign on the freeway that said, "Los Angeles 445 miles," I said to myself, "I've got to get out of this lane."
When I say the magic word to all these people, they will vanish forever. I will then say the magic words to you, and you, too, will vanish -- never to be seen again.
When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve it on silver trays on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.
When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
"When it comes to humility, I'm the greatest."
When I think about myself, I almost laugh myself to death, My life has been one great big joke, Sixty years in these folks' world A dance that's walked The child I works for calls me girl A song that's spoke, I say "Yes ma'am" for working's sake. I laugh so hard I almost choke Too proud to bend When I think about myself. Too poor to break, I laugh until my stomach ache, When I think about myself. My folks can make me split my side, I laughed so hard I nearly died, The tales they tell, sound just like lying, They grow the fruit, But eat the rind, I laugh until I start to crying, When I think about my folks.
When it is incorrect, it is, at least *authoritatively* incorrect.
When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not to make a decision.
When it's dark enough you can see the stars.
"When it's time to stop living, I will certainly make Death my number one choice!"
When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father. By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. Now I'm beginning to believe it.
When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if I had any firearms with me. I said, "Well, what do you need?"
When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
When I was little, I went into a pet shop and they asked how big I'd get.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot remember any but the things that never happened. It is sad to go to pieces like this but we all have to do it.
When I woke up this morning, my girlfriend asked if I had slept well. I said, "No, I made a few mistakes."
When I works, I works hard. When I sits, I sits easy. And when I thinks, I goes to sleep.
When license fees are too high, users do things by hand. When the management is too intrusive, users lose their spirit. Hack for the user's benefit. Trust them; leave them alone.
When love is gone, there's always justice. And when justice is gone, there's always force. And when force is gone, there's always Mom. Hi, Mom!
When managers hold endless meetings, the programmers write games. When accountants talk of quarterly profits, the development budget is about to be cut. When senior scientists talk blue sky, the clouds are about to roll in. Truly, this is not the Tao of Programming. When managers make commitments, game programs are ignored. When accountants make long-range plans, harmony and order are about to be restored. When senior scientists address the problems at hand, the problems will soon be solved. Truly, this is the Tao of Programming.
When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.
"When Mister Safety Catch Is Not On, Mister Crossbow Is Not Your Friend." (Terry Pratchett, Night Watch)
When my brain begins to reel from my literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
When my fist clenches crack it open, Before I use it and lose my cool. When I smile tell me some bad news, Before I laugh and act like a fool. And if I swallow anything evil, Put you finger down my throat. And if I shiver please give me a blanket, Keep me warm let me wear your coat No one knows what it's like to be the bad man, to be the sad man. Behind blue eyes. No one knows what its like to be hated, to be fated, To telling only lies.
When neither their property nor their honor is touched, the majority of men live content.
When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts, she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind it less and less."
When oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U. The Game had just begun, when Hydrogen scored two fast points And Oxygen still had none Then Oxygen scored a single goal And thus it did remain, At Hydrogen 2 and Oxygen 1 Called because of rain.
"When people are least sure, they are often most dogmatic."
When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.
When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?
When properly administered, vacations do not diminish productivity: for every week you're away and get nothing done, there's another when your boss is away and you get twice as much done.
When smashing monuments, save the pedestals -- they always come in handy.
When someone makes a move We'll send them all we've got, Of which we don't approve, John Wayne and Randolph Scott, Who is it that always intervenes? Remember those exciting fighting scenes? U.N. and O.A.S., To the shores of Tripoli, They have their place, I guess, But not to Mississippoli, But first, send the Marines! What do we do? We send the Marines! For might makes right, Members of the corps And till they've seen the light, All hate the thought of war: They've got to be protected, They'd rather kill them off by peaceful means. All their rights respected, Stop calling it aggression-- Till somebody we like can be elected. We hate that expression! We only want the world to know That we support the status quo; They love us everywhere we go, So when in doubt, send the Marines!
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
When some people decide it's time for everyone to make big changes, it means that they want you to change first.
When some people discover the truth, they just can't understand why everybody isn't eager to hear it.
When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.
When the Apple IIc was introduced, the informative copy led off with a couple of asterisked sentences: It weighs less than 8 pounds.* And costs less than $1,300.** In tiny type were these "fuller explanations": * Don't asterisks make you suspicious as all get out? Well, all this means is that the IIc alone weights 7.5 pounds. The power pack, monitor, an extra disk drive, a printer and several bricks will make the IIc weigh more. Our lawyers were concerned that you might not be able to figure this out for yourself. ** The FTC is concerned about price fixing. You can pay more if you really want to. Or less.
When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, "The handle is one of us!"
When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff.
When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking about themselves.
When the cup is full, carry it level.
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
When the first caveman programmer chiseled the first program on the walls of the first cave computer, it was a program to paint the string `Hello, world' in Antelope pictures. Roman programming textbooks began with the `Salut, Mundi' program. I don't know what happens to people who break with this tradition, but I think it's safer not to find out. We'll start with a series of hello world programs that demonstrate the different aspects of the basics of writing a kernel module.
When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.
When the going gets tough, everyone leaves.
"When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical."
When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
"When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro..."
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
When the government bureau's remedies don't match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.
When the Guru administers, the users are hardly aware that he exists. Next best is a sysop who is loved. Next, one who is feared. And worst, one who is despised. If you don't trust the users, you make them untrustworthy. The Guru doesn't talk, he hacks. When his work is done, the users say, "Amazing: we implemented it, all by ourselves!"
"When the hopes of hundreds of millions are at stake, thinking things through is not just good intellectual practice. It is a moral duty."
When the leaders speak of peace The common folk know That war is coming When the leaders curse war The mobilization order is already written out. Every day, to earn my daily bread I go to the market where lies are bought Hopefully I take my place among the sellers.
When the least they could do to you was everything, then the most they could do to you suddenly held no terror.
When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend. "Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle! I'm strapped for cash and I haven't the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!" "I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe. "I was afraid you might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"
When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look like a nail.
"When the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to treat everything as if it were a nail."
"[W]hen the policy you are adopting is worse for everybody than a policy you agree is stupid, the policy you are adopting is best characterized as really stupid."
When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
When the revolution comes, count your change.
When the speaker and he to whom he is speaks do not understand, that is metaphysics.
When the sun shineth, make hay.
When the Universe was not so out of whack as it is today, and all the stars were lined up in their proper places, you could easily count them from left to right, or top to bottom, and the larger and bluer ones were set apart, and the smaller yellowing types pushed off to the corners as bodies of a lower grade ...
When the weight of the paperwork equals the weight of the plane, the plane will fly.
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
When things go well, expect something to explode, erode, collapse or just disappear.
When this load is DONE I think I'll wash it AGAIN ...
When users see one GUI as beautiful, other user interfaces become ugly. When users see some programs as winners, other programs become lossage. Pointers and NULLs reference each other. High level and assembler depend on each other. Double and float cast to each other. High-endian and low-endian define each other. While and until follow each other. Therefore the Guru programs without doing anything and teaches without saying anything. Warnings arise and he lets them come; processes are swapped and he lets them go. He has but doesn't possess, acts but doesn't expect. When his work is done, he deletes it. That is why it lasts forever.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find anyone. Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains, two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge. Never in the history of war have so few been led by so many.
When we talk of tomorrow, the gods laugh.
When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before -- except our fingertips will have been singed.
When we write programs that "learn", it turns out we do and they don't.
When Yahweh your gods has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and driven out many infidels before you...you're to cut them down and exterminate them. You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy. [Deut. 7:1 (KJV)]
When you and I are far apart Can sorrow break your tender heart? I love you darling, yes I do; Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you; All you are is a blossoming rose. Night is here so I must close. With care read the first word of each line. You will find a question of mine.
When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation of a topic, it is well to gave the answer firmly in hand, so that you can proceed forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the goal.
When you are at Rome live in the Roman style; when you are elsewhere live as they live elsewhere.
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
When you are in the middle of a story it isn't a story at all, but only a confusion; a dark roaring, a blindness, a wreckage of shattered glass and splintered wood, like a house in a whirlwind, or else a boat crushed by the icebergs or swept over the rapids, and all aboard powerless to stop it. It's only afterwards that it becomes anything like a story at all. When you are telling it, to yourself or to someone else.
When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.
When you are young, you enjoy a sustained illusion that sooner or later something marvelous is going to happen, that you are going to transcend your parents' limitations... At the same time, you feel sure that in all the wilderness of possibility; in all the forests of opinion, there is a vital something that can be known -- known and grasped. That we will eventually know it, and convert the whole mystery into a coherent narrative. So that then one's true life -- the point of everything -- will emerge from the mist into a pure light, into total comprehension. But it isn't like that at all. But if it isn't, where did the idea come from, to torture and unsettle us?
When you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself Americanized.
When you can flatten entire cities at a whim, a tendency towards quiet reflection and seeing-things-from-the-other-fellow's-point- of-view is seldom necessary.
When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
When you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.
When you find yourself in danger, When you're threatened by a stranger, When it looks like you will take a lickin'... There is one thing you should learn, When there is no one else to turn to, Caaaall for Super Chicken!! (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**) Caaaall for Super Chicken!!
When you get what you want in your struggle for self And the world makes you king for a day, Just go to a mirror and look at yourself And see what that man has to say. For it isn't your father or mother or wife Whose judgement upon you must pass; The fellow whose verdict counts most in your life Is the one staring back from the glass. Some people may think you a straight-shootin' chum And call you a wonderful guy, But the man in the glass says you're only a bum If you can't look him straight in the eye. He's the fellow to please, never mind all the rest, For he's with you clear up to the end, And you've passed your most dangerous, difficult test If the man in the glass is your friend. You may fool the whole world down the pathway of life And get pats on the back as you pass, But your final reward will be heartaches and tears If you've cheated the man in the glass.
When you get your PH.D. will you get able to work at BURGER KING?
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.
When you have 200 programmers trying to write code for one product, like Win95 or NT, what you get is a multiple personality program. By definition, the real problem is that these programs are psychotic by nature and make people crazy when they use them.
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
When you jump for joy, beware that no-one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
When you know absolutely nothing about the topic, make your forecast by asking a carefully selected probability sample of 300 others who don't know the answer either.
When you live in a sick society, just about everything you do is wrong.
When you make your mark in the world, watch out for guys with erasers.
When you meet a master swordsman, show him your sword. When you meet a man who is not a poet, do not show him your poem.
When you overesteem great hackers, more users become cretins. When you develop encryption, more users become crackers. The Guru leads by emptying user's minds and increasing their quotas, by weakening their ambition and toughening their resolve. When users lack knowledge and desire, management will not try to interfere. Practice not-looping, and everything will fall into place.
When you're away, I'm restless, lonely, Wretched, bored, dejected; only Here's the rub, my darling dear I feel the same when you are near.
When you're a Yup You're a Yup all the way From your first slice of Brie To your last Cabernet. When you're a Yup You're not just a dreamer You're making things happen You're driving a Beamer.
When you're dining out and you suspect something's wrong, you're probably right.
When you're down and out, lift up your voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!
When you're in command, command.
When you're not looking at it, this fortune is written in FORTRAN.
When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?
"When You're Up to Your Ass in Alligators, Today Is the First Day of the Rest of Your Life." (Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent)
When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
When your memory goes, forget it!
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
When you said "HEAVILY FORESTED" it reminded me of an overdue CLEANING BILL ... Don't you SEE? O'Grogan SWALLOWED a VALUABLE COIN COLLECTION and HAD to murder the ONLY MAN who KNEW!!
When you say "I wrote a program that crashed Windows", people just stare at you blankly and say "Hey, I got those with the system, *for free*".
When you say 'I wrote a program that crashed Windows', people just stare at you blankly and say 'Hey, I got those with the system, *for free*'.
When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
When you speak to others for their own good it's advice; when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the impression you will make.
"When you wake up in the morning, Pooh," said Piglet at last, "what's the first thing you say to yourself?" "What's for breakfast?" said Pooh. "What do you say, Piglet?" "I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting today?" said Piglet. Pooh nodded thoughtfully. "It's the same thing," he said.
When you were born, a big chance was taken for you.
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equipped with 18,000 vacuum tubes and weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
Where am I? Who am I? Am I? I
Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE Oh, dear, where can the matter be When it's converted to energy? There is a slight loss of parity. Johnny's so long at the fair.
Where does it go when you flush?
Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
Where do you go to get anorexia?
Where do your SOCKS go when you lose them in th' WASHER?
Where do you think you're going today?
"Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
> Where in the US is Linus? He was in the "Promise Land".
Where is John Carson now that we need him?
Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat.
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Where, oh, where, are you tonight? Why did you leave me here all alone? I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love. You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone. Gloom, despair and agony on me. Deep dark depression, excessive misery. If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all. Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked. "Begin at the beginning," the King said, gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop." Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, Lewis Carroll
Where's SANDY DUNCAN?
Where's th' DAFFY DUCK EXHIBIT??
Where's the Coke machine? Tell me a joke!!
Where's the man could ease a heart Like a satin gown?
Where there are visible vapors, having their prevenance in ignited carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
Where there is much light there is also much shadow.
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
Where there's a will, there's a relative.
Where there's no emotion, there's no motive for violence.
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask "Why?".
Wherever you go...There you are.
... Where was Stac Electronics when Microsoft invented Doublespace? Where were Xerox and Apple when Microsoft invented the GUI? Where was Apple's QuickTime when Microsoft invented Video for Windows? Where was Spyglass Inc.'s Mosaic when Microsoft invented Internet Explorer? Where was Sun when Microsoft invented Java?
Where will it all end? Probably somewhere near where it all began.
Where you stand depends on where you sit.
... whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
Whether weary or unweary, O man, do not rest, Do not cease your single-handed struggle. Go on, do not rest.
Whether you can hear it or not, The Universe is laughing behind your back.
Whether your covers star a male or a female, I read your magazine for the articles
Which is why I didn't belabor it, or introduce it out of context. I was pointing out that Firefox's scheme is only as secure as the master password you choose. The particular bad password I chose for the Spaceballs reference on the hope that it might get a chuckle or trigger a brief moment of pleasant nostalgia, forgetting that on /., every joke must be beaten to death and explained, rehashed, insulted, re-explained by someone who thinks the insult came due to unfamiliarity, etc., until all traces of humor vanish. Oh well… Hmm… This is an old story, so this probably won't receive any mods, but I have no idea what I'd mod it if I were moderating. Flamebait/Insightful/Funny/Interesting/Off-topic maybe? Mods, if you can coordinate to apply each of those once, it would be awesome (and I'd end up with overall neutral Karma!). :-)
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy? Who knows? Who cares?
Which mindset is right? Mine, of course. People who disagree with me are by definition crazy. (Until I change my mind, when they can suddenly become upstanding citizens. I'm flexible, and not black-and-white.)
While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.
While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things, The fate of empires and the fall of kings; While quacks of State must each produce his plan, And even children lisp the Rights of Man; Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention, The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
While he was in New York on location for _Bronco Billy_ (1980), Clint Eastwood agreed to a television interview. His host, somewhat hostile, began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless, lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to define a Clint Eastwood picture. "To me," said Eastwood calmly, "what a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in."
"While I'm still confused and uncertain, it's on a much higher plane, d'you see, and at least I know I'm bewildered about the really fundamental and important facts of the universe." Treatle nodded. "I hadn't looked at it like that," he said, "But you're absolutely right. He's really pushed back the boundaries of ignorance." (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door. [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to hardware interrupts.] And now I see with eye serene The very pulse of the machine. [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to software interrupts.]
While it cannot be proved retrospectively that any experience of possession, conversion, revelation, or divine ecstasy was merely an epileptic discharge, we must ask how one differentiates "real transcendence" from neuropathies that produce the same extreme realness, profundity, ineffability, and sense of cosmic unity. When accounts of sudden religious conversions in TLEs [temporal-lobe epileptics] are laid alongside the epiphanous revelations of the religious tradition, the parallels are striking. The same is true of the recent spate of alleged UFO abductees. Parsimony alone argues against invoking spirits, demons, or extraterrestrials when natural causes will suffice. Possession", The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII, No. 3, pg. 255
While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never does.
While my BRAINPAN is being refused service in BURGER KING, Jesuit priests are DATING CAREER DIPLOMATS!!
While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman inquired of Oscar Wilde, "You don't mind if I smoke, do you?" Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, "I don't mind if you burn, madam."
While supplies last.
While the engineer developed his thesis, the director leaned over to his assistant and whispered, "Did you ever hear of why the sea is salt?" "Why the sea is salt?" whispered back the assistant. "What do you mean?" The director continued: "When I was a little kid, I heard the story of `Why the sea is salt' many times, but I never thought it important until just a moment ago. It's something like this: Formerly the sea was fresh water and salt was rare and expensive. A miller received from a wizard a wonderful machine that just ground salt out of itself all day long. At first the miller thought himself the most fortunate man in the world, but soon all the villages had salt to last them for centuries and still the machine kept on grinding more salt. The miller had to move out of his house, he had to move off his acres. At last he determined that he would sink the machine in the sea and be rid of it. But the mill ground so fast that boat and miller and machine were sunk together, and down below, the mill still went on grinding and that's why the sea is salt." "I don't get you," said the assistant.
While there's life, there's hope.
While the year 2000 (y2k) problem is not an issue for us, all Linux implementations will impacted by the year 2038 (y2.038k) issue. The Debian Project is committed to working with the industry on this issue and we will have our full plans and strategy posted by the first quarter of 2020.
While walking down a crowded City street the other day, I heard a little urchin To a comrade turn and say, "Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse, I'd be happy as a clam If only I was de feller dat Me mudder t'inks I am. "She t'inks I am a wonder, My friends, be yours a life of toil An' she knows her little lad Or undiluted joy, Could never mix wit' nuttin' You can learn a wholesome lesson Dat was ugly, mean or bad. From that small, untutored boy. Oh, lot o' times I sit and t'ink Don't aim to be an earthly saint How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz! With eyes fixed on a star: If a feller was de feller Just try to be the fellow that Dat his mudder t'inks he is." Your mother thinks you are.
While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
While working his way along a wall he came to a huge door, which artistically portrayed a group of prisoners apparently being given a complete medical check-up [footnote: From a distance it did, anyway. Close to, no]. (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very reassuring to know that it's still there.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
While you're chewing, think of STEVEN SPIELBERG'S bank account ... his will have the same effect as two "STARCH BLOCKERS"!
While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are safe, for you can watch both of his.
Whip it, baby. Whip it right. Whip it, baby. Whip it all night!
Whip it, whip it good!
Whip me. Beat me. Make me maintain AIX.
Whistler's Law: You never know who is right, but you always know who is in charge.
Whistler's mother is off her rocker.
White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
Whitehead's Law: The obvious answer is always overlooked.
White's Statement: Don't lose heart! Owen's Commentary on White's Statement: ...they might want to cut it out... Byrd's Addition to Owen's Commentary: ...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.
> Whoa, first contact! Nope, 'fraid not, Linux is still primarily used on planet Earth, I'm afraid. Our friend here sent a message in Russian (KOI8-R encoding).
Whoa, first contact! [...] Welcome, from the people of Terra (Sol III). We extend our hands in friendship, and sincerely hope you shall do the same with your hand-equivelents.
Whoa...I did a 'zcat /vmlinuz > /dev/audio' and I think I heard God...
WHOA!! Ken and Barbie are having TOO MUCH FUN!! It must be the NEGATIVE IONS!!
"Who alone has reason to *lie himself out* of actuality? He who *suffers* from it."
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show? Wavefront's latest box, or the people who programmed it? Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the output of programs like MandelVroom?
Who are you?
"Who cares if it doesn't do anything? It was made with our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process ..."
Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
Who does not love wine, women, and song, Remains a fool his whole life long.
Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
Whoever asked if the debian organization was dead isn't reading debian-devel. 66 messages in one day, and it's not over. I find it difficult to keep up.
Whoever dies with the most toys wins.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you.
Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race. He brought death into the world.
Whoever tells a lie cannot be pure in heart -- and only the pure in heart can make a good soup.
"Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods."
Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
Who is D.B. Cooper, and where is he now?
"Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk?" Microsoft spel chekar vor sail, worgs grate !!
Who is John Galt?
Who is W.O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
WHO KNOWS WHAT EVIL LURKS IN THE HEART OF MEN? The Death of Rats looked up from the feast of potato. SQUEAK, he said. Death waved a hand dismissively. WELL, YES, OBVIOUSLY *ME*, he said. I JUST WONDERED IF THERE WAS ANYONE ELSE.
Who loves me will also love my dog.
Who loves not wisely but too well Will look on Helen's face in hell, But he whose love is thin and wise Will view John Knox in Paradise.
Who made the world I cannot tell; 'Tis made, and here am I in hell. My hand, though now my knuckles bleed, I never soiled with such a deed.
"Whom are you?" said he, for he had been to night school.
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.
Who messed with my anti-paranoia shot?
Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.
Whom the gods would destroy, they first teach BASIC.
Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods.
Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?
WHO sees a BEACH BUNNY sobbing on a SHAG RUG?!
Who's on first?
Who's scruffy-looking?
Who to himself is law no law doth need, offends no law, and is a king indeed.
Who wants to remember that escape-x-alt-control-left shift-b puts you into super-edit-debug-compile mode? especially Emacs.
Who was that masked man?
Who will take care of the world after you're gone?
Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
Why are many scientists using lawyers for medical experiments instead of rats? a) There are more lawyers than rats. b) The scientists don't become as emotionally attached to them. c) There are some things that even rats won't do for money.
Why are programmers non-productive? Because their time is wasted in meetings. Why are programmers rebellious? Because the management interferes too much. Why are the programmers resigning one by one? Because they are burnt out. Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.
Why are there always boycotts? Shouldn't there be girlcotts too?
Why are there so many unmaintainable applications written in PHP and Perl? Because PHP and Perl let undisciplined, inexperienced programmers write useful code. So does Ruby -- but give it the popularity and longevity of PHP and Perl (at least in English-speaking circles) and I bet you'll see plenty of bad code written in Ruby too. This seems like a variant of the Hackers and Painters fallacy. (Paul Graham is rich. Paul Graham writes Lisp. Therefore everyone who writes Lisp will get rich.) "All of the good, smart programmers I know are using Ruby. They write good code. Therefore you can't write bad code in Ruby!" It feels like there's another fallacy in there somewhere. I want to call it the Pre-Post-Java Blindspot, where Java was the beginning of Serious Programming Languages and only its successor will unseat it. (Like any good fallacy, you have to ignore history, such as the fact that Ruby's between 10 and 12 years old.) (I mean, if you really just can't read regular expressions, why not admit it? You could start a twelve-step program or something.)
Why are these athletic shoe salesmen following me??
"Why are we importing all these highbrow plays like `Amadeus'? I could have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing."
Why are you doing this to me? Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before there is change.
Why are you so hard to ignore?
Why are you watching The washing machine? I love entertainment So long as it's clean. Professor Doberman: While the preceding poem is unarguably a change from the guarded pessimism of "The Hound of Heaven," it cannot be regarded as an unqualified improvement. Obscurity is of value only when it tends to clarify the poetic experience. As much as one is compelled to admire the poem's technique, one must question whether its byplay of complex literary allusions does not in fact distract from the unity of the whole. In the final analysis, one receives the distinct impression that the poem's length could safely have been reduced by a factor of eight or ten without sacrificing any of its meaning. It is to be hoped that further publication of this poem can be suspended pending a thorough investigation of its potential subversive implications.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
Why bother building any more nuclear warheads until we use the ones we have?
"Why bother with such a big stone arch?" "It's just showing off. There's probably a sticker on the back saying 'My Other Grave Is A Porch'".
"Why can't we ever attempt to solve a problem in this country without having a 'War' on it?" -- Rich Thomson, talk.politics.misc
Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?
Why did the Roman Empire collapse? What is the Latin for office automation?
Why does a hearse horse snicker, hauling a lawyer away?
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
Why does New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps and California have more lawyers? New Jersey had first choice.
Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another meaning? "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with." "If it doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a corner."
Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition? We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a pet coon. This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to pay the fiddler.
Why don't you ever enter any CONTESTS, Marvin?? Don't you know your own ZIPCODE?
Why don't you fix your little problem... and light this candle?
Why don't you pair `em up in threes? -Yogi Berra
Why do seagulls live near the sea? 'Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.
Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic? It's quite uncanny.
Why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?
Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?
Why do we have two eyes? To watch 3-D movies with.
Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?
"Why do you bother with him? He's had thousands of people killed!" "Yes, but perhaps he thought that you wanted it."
<<< Why Eclipse doesn't belong to the "right" tools? My naive understanding is that Eclipse is the Emacs of the 21st century – it is open source, customizable etc., similar to Emacs; in addition to being graphical. >>> Thank you! I was wondering why I hated Eclipse so much, and you have put your finger on it. It's exactly like a 21st century Emacs. ( https://is.gd/PbULJR )
Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she kissed her cow.
Why I Can't Go Out With You: I'd LOVE to, but ...
Why I Can't Go Out With You: I'd LOVE to, but...
Why I Can't Go Out With You: I'd LOVE to, but... can't seem to put it down.
Why I Can't Go Out With You: I'd LOVE to, but... named Basil Metabolism.
Why is everything made of Lycra Spandex?
Why is it called a funny bone when it hurts so much?
Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?
Why is it that all of the instruments seeking intelligent life in the universe are pointed away from Earth?
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved.
Why is it that when you DIE, you can't take your HOME ENTERTAINMENT CENTER with you??
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?
"Why must you tell me all your secrets when it's hard enough to love you knowing nothing?"
Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they are another's.
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
Why not have an old-fashioned Christmas for your family this year? Just picture the scene in your living room on Christmas morning as your children open their old-fashioned presents. Your 11-year-old son: "What the heck is this?" You: "A spinning top! You spin it around, and then eventually it falls down. What fun! Ha, ha!" Son: "Is this a joke? Jason Thompson's parents got him a computer with two disk drives and 128 kilobytes of random-access memory, and I get this cretin TOP?" Your 8-year-old daughter: "You think that's bad? Look at this." You: "It's figgy pudding! What a treat!" Daughter: "It looks like goat barf."
Why not? -- What? -- Why not? -- Why should I not send it? -- Why should I not dispatch it? -- Why not? -- Strange! I don't know why I shouldn't -- Well, then -- You will do me this favor. -- Why not? -- Why should you not do it? -- Why not? -- Strange! I shall do the same for you, when you want me to. Why not? Why should I not do it for you? Strange! Why not? -- I can't think why not. "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter Schickele
Why on earth do people buy old bottles of wine when they can get a fresh one for a quarter of the price?
"Why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity?" -Ronald Reagan
"Why's it called Ming?" said the Archchancellor, on cue. The Bursar tapped the pot. It went *ming*. (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
Why use Windows, when you can have air conditioning? Why use Windows, when you can leave through the door?
Why was I born with such contemporaries?
"Why waste negative entropy on comments, when you could use the same entropy to create bugs instead?"
Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits that unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant? Is it not a spectacle to make the angels laugh? We are a company of ignorant beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only be incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by falling into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for our daily needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe the ultimate origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures to declare that we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map of our infinitesimal parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that he will be damned to all eternity for his faithlessness...
Why won't sharks eat lawyers? Professional courtesy.
Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?
Why would you want to do this? You don’t, forget I even mentioned it.
Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail?
<wichert> 8am is an ungoldly hour to be awake :) * gorgo usually gets up at 11am
* wichert_ imagines master without a MTA <james> wichert: ehm? that might hinder peformance of the BTS :p
<wichert> solaris is bsd, so it should work * Espy takes wichert's crack pipe away
<wiggy> bwah, vodka in my mouse
<wiggy> in a stunning new move I actually tested this upload
<wiggyWork> 3990 N Apr 15 Cute Girlfriend ( 45) Erotic Amateur Girlfriends <wiggyWork> I wasn't aware you had professional girlfriends as well
Wiker's Law: Government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
Wilcox's Law: A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
<WildCode> Mercury, isn't debugging X a little like finding perfectly bugfree code in windows ?? <Mercury> WildCode: Debugging X is like trying to run a straight line through a maze. <Mercury> You just need to bend space-time so that the corners move around you and you won't have any problems. (=:]
<WildTHing> ok guys .. so whens the next commit :PP <taniwha> when they come to get me
William Safire's Rules for Writers: Remember to never split an infinitive. The passive voice should never be used. Do not put statements in the negative form. Verbs have to agree with their subjects. Proofread carefully to see if you words out. If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing. A writer must not shift your point of view. And don't start a sentence with a conjunction. (Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a sentence with.) Don't overuse exclamation marks!! Place pronouns as close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more words, to their antecedents. Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided. If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is. Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing metaphors. Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky. Everyone should be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their writing. Always pick on the correct idiom. The adverb always follows the verb. Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek viable alternatives.
William Safire's rules for writing as seen in the New York Times Do not put statements in the negative form. And don't start sentences with a conjunction. If you reread your work, you will find on rereading that a great deal of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing. Never use a long word when a diminutive one will do. Unqualified superlatives are the worst of all. If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is. Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky. Never, ever use repetitive redundancies. Also, avoid awkward or affected alliteration. Last, but not least, avoid cliches like the plague.
Williams and Holland's Law: If enough data is collected, anything may be proven by statistical methods.
Will it improve my CASH FLOW?
Will Rogers, having paid too much income tax one year, tried in vain to claim a rebate. His numerous letters and queries remained unanswered. Eventually the form for the next year's return arrived. In the section marked "DEDUCTIONS," Rogers listed: "Bad debt, US Government
Will Rogers never met you.
Will: "Roses are red, Violets are Blue. Jazz and I are black, But, Carlton, what are you?" Excerpt from "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air"
Will stain.
Will the third world war keep "Bosom Buddies" off the air?
Will this never-ending series of PLEASURABLE EVENTS never cease?
Will you loan me $20.00 and only give me ten of it? That way, you will owe me ten, and I'll owe you ten, and we'll be even!
Will your long-winded speeches never end? What ails you that you keep on arguing?
Wilner's Observation: All conversations with a potato should be conducted in private.
Win95 is not a virus; a virus does something.
Win 95 is simplified for the user: User: What does this configuration thing do? You: It allows you to modify your settings, for networking, hardware, protocols, ... User: Whoa! Layman's terms, please! You: It changes stuff. User: That's what I'm looking for! What can it change? You: This part changes IP forwarding. It allows ... User: Simplify, simplify! What can it do for ME? You: Nothing, until you understand it. User: Well it makes me uncomfortable. It looks so technical; Get rid of it, I want a system *I* can understand. You: But... User: Hey, whose system is this anyway? You: (... rm this, rm that, rm /etc/* ...) "All done."
Win95 - Wow! Win98 - Oh WinMe - Ow! Win2k - Oooh WinXp - Meh Vista - Doh! This mono-syllabic review brought to you by the letter 'W' and the number '7'
Windows 10 takes 30 minutes to update. What could it possibly be doing for that long? That much time is enough to fully format my SSD drive, download a fresh build and install it like 5 times in a row.
Windows 3.1 Beer: The world's most popular. Comes in a 16-oz. can that looks a lot like Mac Beer's. Requires that you already own a DOS Beer. Claims that it allows you to drink several DOS Beers simultaneously, but in reality you can only drink a few of them, very slowly, especially slowly if you are drinking the Windows Beer at the same time. Sometimes, for apparently no reason, a can of Windows Beer will explode when you open it.
Windows 95 Beer: A lot of people have taste-tested it and claim it's wonderful. The can looks a lot like Mac Beer's can, but tastes more like Windows 3.1 Beer. It comes in 32-oz. cans, but when you look inside, the cans only have 16 oz. of beer in them. Most people will probably keep drinking Windows 3.1 Beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and say they like it. The ingredients list, when you look at the small print, has some of the same ingredients that come in DOS beer, even though the manufacturer claims that this is an entirely new brew.
Windows Airlines: The terminal is very neat and clean, the attendants all very attractive, the pilots very capable. The fleet of Learjets the carrier operates is immense. Your jet takes off without a hitch, pushing above the clouds, and at 20,000 feet it explodes without warning.
Windows NT Beer: Comes in 32-oz. cans, but you can only buy it by the truckload. This causes most people to have to go out and buy bigger refrigerators. The can looks just like Windows 3.1 Beer's, but the company promises to change the can to look just like Windows 95 Beer's -- after Windows 95 beer starts shipping. Touted as an "industrial strength" beer, and suggested only for use in bars.
Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.
Wings of OS/400: The airline has bought ancient DC-3s, arguably the best and safest planes that ever flew, and painted "747" on their tails to make them look as if they are fast. The flight attendants, of course, attend to your every need, though the drinks cost $15 a pop. Stupid questions cost $230 per hour, unless you have SupportLine, which requires a first class ticket and membership in the frequent flyer club. Then they cost $500, but your accounting department can call it overhead.
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
Winning isn't everything. It's the only thing.
win-nt from the people who invented edlin.
Winnuke in one line? No problem: perl -MIO::Socket -e \ 'IO::Socket::INET->new(PeerAddr=>"bad.dude.com:139")->send("bye",MSG_OOB)' And formatted so it's a little easier to read: #!/usr/bin/perl use IO::Socket; IO::Socket::INET ->new(PeerAddr=>"bad.dude.com:139") ->send("bye", MSG_OOB);
Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity... If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your head... if you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick...
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
[Wisdom] is a tree of life to those laying hold of her, making happy each one holding her fast.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
Wisdom is rarely found on the best-seller list.
Wish and hope succeed in discerning signs of paranormality where reason and careful scientific procedure fail.
Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
"Wish not to seem, but to be, the best."
Witch! Witch! They'll burn ya!
With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I try to be a fraud and a half.
With all the fancy scientists in the world, why can't they just once build a nuclear balm?
With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time they make a law it's a joke.
With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no such thing as progress.
Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.
... with liberty and justice for all ... who can afford it.
With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.
"With molasses you catch flies, with vinegar you catch nobody."
Without Action Not praising the worthy prevents contention, Not esteeming the valuable prevents theft, Not displaying the beautiful prevents desire. In this manner the sage governs people: Emptying their minds, Filling their bellies, Weakening their ambitions, And strengthening their bones. If people lack knowledge and desire Then they can not act; If no action is taken Harmony remains.
Without adventure, civilization is in full decay.
Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the way he did. In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less important to him than his table or his white robe.
Without facts, the decision cannot be made logically. You must rely on your human intuition.
Without followers, evil cannot spread.
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
Without freedom of choice there is no creativity.
Without ice cream, life and fame are meaningless.
Without life, Biology itself would be impossible.
Without love intelligence is dangerous; without intelligence love is not enough.
With reasonable men I will reason; with humane men I will plead; but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
With the news that Nancy Reagan has referred to an astrologer when planning her husband's schedule, and reports of Californians evacuating Los Angeles on the strength of a prediction from a sixteenth-century physician and astrologer Michel de Notredame, the image of the U.S. as a scientific and technological nation has taking a bit of a battering lately. Sadly, such happenings cannot be dismissed as passing fancies. They are manifestations of a well-established "anti-science" tendency in the U.S. which, ultimately, could threaten the country's position as a technological power. . . . The manifest widespread desire to reject rationality and substitute a series of quasirandom beliefs in order to understand the universe does not augur well for a nation deeply concerned about its ability to compete with its industrial equals. To the degree that it reflects the thinking of a significant section of the public, this point of view encourages ignorance of and, indeed, contempt for science and for rational methods of approaching truth. . . . It is becoming clear that if the U.S. does not pick itself up soon and devote some effort to educating the young effectively, its hope of maintaining a semblance of leadership in the world may rest, paradoxically, with a new wave of technically interested and trained immigrants who do not suffer from the anti-science disease rampant in an apparently decaying society.
With/Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
With YOU, I can be MYSELF ... We don't NEED Dan Rather ...
With your bare hands?!?
Wit, n.: The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery ... by leaving it out.
<wli> Yeah, I looked at esd and it looked like the kind of C code that an ex-JOVIAL/Algol '60 coder who had spent the last 20 years bouncing between Fortran-IV and Fortran '77 would write.
Wobbler had written an actual computer game like this once. It was called "Journey to Alpha Centauri". It was a screen with some dots on it. Because, he said, it happened in *real time*, which no-one had ever heard of until computers. He'd seen on TV that it took three thousand years to get to Alpha Centauri. He had written it so that if anyone kept their computer on for three thousand years, they'd be rewarded by a little dot appearing in the middle of the screen, and then a message saying, "Welcome to Alpha Centauri. Now go home."
Wobbler thought that California was where good people went when they died.
Woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer, Yeah, Ah woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw. Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore. Seems I'm not alone in being alone. Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.
wok, n.: Something to thwow at a wabbit.
<wolfgang> the problem with the 'go find a real girl' admonition is that so few of them actually have naked transformation sequences <reality> Dude, my girlfriend changes like four times a day
* wolfie ponders how many debianites it takes to screw in a lightbulb <Viiru> wolfie: Somewhere around 600? One screw's the bulb, and the rest flame him for doing it wrong. <part> wolfie: is the bulb free software? <Tv> Can we vote on whether to screw it or not?
wolf, n.: A man who knows all the ankles.
Woman: "Is Yoo-Hoo hyphenated?" Yogi Berra: "No, ma'am, its not even carbonated."
Woman on Street: Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk. Winston Churchill: Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly. I shall be sober in the morning.
Wombat's Laws of Computer Selection: (1) If it doesn't run Unix, forget it. (2) Any computer design over 10 years old is obsolete. (3) Anything made by IBM is junk. (See number 2) (4) The minimum acceptable CPU power for a single user is a VAX/780 with a floating point accelerator. (5) Any computer with a mouse is worthless.
Women are more easily and more deeply terrified ... generating more sheer horror than the male of the species.
Women professionals do tend to over-compensate. stardate 1312.9.
Women's clothes were not a subject that preoccupied Cutwell much -- in fact, usually when he thought about women his mental pictures seldom included any clothes at all -- but the vision in front of him really did take his breath away. (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
Wonderful day. Your hangover just makes it seem terrible.
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher, and philosophy begins in wonder. [Huh? That's like Johnson quoting Boswell]
Woodward's Law: A theory is better than its explanation.
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose? Norm: Yep, now let's get Joe Beer nipping at my liver, huh? Sam: What are you up to Norm? Norm: My ideal weight if I were eleven feet tall. Woody: Nice cold beer coming up, Mr. Peterson. Norm: You mean, `Nice cold beer going *down* Mr. Peterson.'
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one? Norm: See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers. Sam: Well, look at you. You look like the cat that swallowed the canary. Norm: And I need a beer to wash him down. Woody: Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson? Norm: No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's up? Norm: The warranty on my liver. Sam: What can I do for you, Norm? Norm: Open up those beer taps and, oh, take the day off, Sam. Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Another layer for the winter, Wood.
Woody: How are you feeling today, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Poor. Woody: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Norm: No, I meant `pour'. Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's the story? Norm: Boy meets beer. Boy drinks beer. Boy gets another beer. Paul: Hey Norm, how's the world been treating you? Norm: Like a baby treats a diaper.
Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson? Norm: Let's talk about what's going *in* Mr. Peterson. A beer, Woody. Sam: How's life treating you? Norm: It's not, Sammy, but that doesn't mean you can't. Woody: Can I pour you a draft, Mr. Peterson? Norm: A little early, isn't it Woody? Woody: For a beer? Norm: No, for stupid questions.
Woody: What's happening, Mr. Peterson? Norm: The question is, Woody, why is it happening to me? Woody: What's going down, Mr. Peterson? Norm: My cheeks on this barstool. Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, can I pour you a beer? Norm: Well, okay, Woody, but be sure to stop me at one. ... Eh, make that one-thirty.
Woody: What's the story, Mr. Peterson? Norm: The Bobbsey twins go to the brewery. Let's just cut to the happy ending. Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you. Norm: I know, and if she calls, I'm not here. Sam: Beer, Norm? Norm: Have I gotten that predictable? Good.
"Woof?"
"Woof bloody woof." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
"Woof. In tones of low menace." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
Woolsey-Swanson Rule: People would rather live with a problem they cannot solve rather than accept a solution they cannot understand.
* woot is now known as woot-dinner * Knghtbrd sprinkles a little salt on woot <Knghtbrd> I've never had a woot before... Hope they taste good <woot-dinner> noooo! <woot-dinner> don't eat me! * Knghtbrd decides he does not want a dinner that talks to him... hehe
<woot> Man, i wish knghtbrd were here to grab that for his sig list. [...several hours later...] <Knghtbrd> woot don't know me vewy well, do he? <Knghtbrd> muahahahaha
<woot> Put *that* in you .sig and smoke it, Knghtbrd. <Culus> You know he will read this :> <woot> heheheheh.
* woot smiles serenely. <woot> I don't want to seem over eager about getting into knghtbrd's siglist.
<Wordplay> You measure your vibrators in "characters per second"? I have bad news for you, c90, you've been masturbating with a dot-matrix printer.
Words are the litmus paper of the minds. If you find yourself in the power of someone who will use the word "commence" in cold blood, go somewhere else very quickly. But if they say "Enter", don't stop to pack.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Words can never express what words can never express.
Words have a longer life than deeds.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Words Nature says only a few words: High wind does not last long, Nor does heavy rain. If nature's words do not last Why should those of man? Who accepts harmony, becomes harmonious. Who accepts loss, becomes lost. For who accepts harmony, the Way harmonizes with him, And who accepts loss, the Way cannot find.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
Work continues in this area.
Workers of the world, arise! You have nothing to lose but your chairs.
Work expands to fill the time available.
Work Hard. Rock Hard. Eat Hard. Sleep Hard. Grow Big. Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with a valentine.
Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relative to other matter; second, telling other people to do so.
Work is the crab grass in the lawn of life.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
work, n.: The blessed respite from screaming kids and soap operas for which you actually get paid.
Work Rule: Leave of Absence (for an Operation): We are no longer allowing this practice. We wish to discourage any thoughts that you may not need all of whatever you have, and you should not consider having anything removed. We hired you as you are, and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we bargained for.
Work smarter, not harder, and be careful of your speling.
Work was impossible. The geeks had broken my spirit. They had done too many things wrong. It was never like this for Mencken. He lived like a Prussian gambler -- sweating worse than Bryan on some nights and drunker than Judas on others. It was all a dehumanized nightmare...and these raddled cretins have the gall to complain about my deadlines.
Work without a vision is slavery, Vision without work is a pipe dream, But vision with work is the hope of the world.
"World conquerors sometimes become fools, but fools never become world conquerors."
World domination. Fast
World Domination, of course. And scantily clad females. Who cares if its twenty below? -- Linus Torvalds
Worlds are conquered, galaxies destroyed -- but a woman is always a woman.
"Worlds only harmonica-playing dog. Tuppence." (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century since H. G. Wells uttered his glum warning: "There is no more evil thing on earth than race prejudice, none at all. I write deliberately -- it is the worst single thing in life now. It justifies and holds together more baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of error in the world."
World War III? No thanks!
World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced dress code!
Worrying is like rocking in a rocking chair -- It gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere.
Worst Month of 1981 for Downhill Skiing: August. The lift lines are the shortest, though.
Worst Month of the Year: February. February has only 28 days in it, which means that if you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you don't get. Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985: From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from exploding bombs damage my videotapes?"
Worst Vegetable of the Year: The brussels sprout. This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
Worthless. (Astronomer Royal of Great Britain), estimating for the Chancellor of the Exchequer the potential value of the "analytical engine" invented by Charles Babbage, September 15, 1842.
Worth seeing? Yes, but not worth going to see.
Would a giant, profit-oriented cartel lie to you?
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
"Would I turn on the gas if my pal Mugsy were in there?" "You might, rabbit, you might!"
Wouldn't the sentence "I want to put a hyphen between the words Fish and And and And and Chips in my Fish-And-Chips sign" have been clearer if quotation marks had been placed before Fish, and between Fish and and, and and and And, and And and and, and and and And, and And and and, and and and Chips, as well as after Chips?
Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were a turn-on?
Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?
Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?
Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!
Would you *really* want to get on a non-stop flight?
Wow, I'm being shot at from both sides. That means I *must* be right. :-)
Wow! Look!! A stray meatball!! Let's interview it!
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
write-protect tab, n.: A small sticker created to cover the unsightly notch carelessly left by disk manufacturers. The use of the tab creates an error message once in a while, but its aesthetic value far outweighs the momentary inconvenience.
Writers who use a computer swear to its liberating power in tones that bear witness to the apocalyptic power of a new divinity. Their conviction results from something deeper than mere gratitude for the computer's conveniences. Every new medium of writing brings about new intensities of religious belief and new schisms among believers. In the 16th century the printed book helped make possible the split between Catholics and Protestants. In the 20th century this history of tragedy and triumph is repeating itself as a farce. Those who worship the Apple computer and those who put their faith in the IBM PC are equally convinced that the other camp is damned or deluded. Each cult holds in contempt the rituals and the laws of the other. Each thinks that it is itself the one hope for salvation.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead.
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
Writing non-free software is not an ethically legitimate activity, so if people who do this run into trouble, that's good! All businesses based on non-free software ought to fail, and the sooner the better.
Writing software is more fun than working.
WRONG!
"Wrong," said Renner. "The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"
WYSIWYG: What You See Is What You Get.
<x86> can someone tell me what this epoch translates to in %Y-%m-%d format? 1202256000 <integral> eval: POSIX::strftime("%Y-%m-%d", gmtime(1202256000)) <buubot> integral: 2008-02-06 <x86> nice! <integral> note that if you're not specifying timezone you're in for a world of hate <integral> err, *pain <iank> s/pain/butter/ <iank> I will dump butter on you unless you specify tz. <iank> Also if you do specify tz. <iank> Fuck it, I will dump butter on you, fullstop. <integral> don't waste good butter on them, try margarine
<x86> gah <x86> DateTime::Format::Strptime is not one of the core modules <iank> boo hoo cpan it <apeiron> "i (can't|don't want to) use external modules" <iank> (If only we had some sort of comprehensive archive network.. for perl stuff.. complete with a convenient tool you could use to easily fetch, build, and install modules!) <iank> apeiron: "oh, but you're a dumbass" <iank> "carry on then" <simcop2387-lab> iank! I know I'll call it Ruby on Rails! <integral> well, it'd be different if CPAN and CPANPLUS really were convenient. <x86> POSIX::strptime is not a core module either <x86> this sucks <apeiron> Send patches or shut up. :) <iank> CPAN IS VERY FUCKING CONVENIENT DO YOU WANT ME TO PUNCH YOU IN THE SPLEEN <integral> apt-get : cpan :: brilliant : annoying <iank> this : pretentious and awkward :: 1 : 1 <x86> iank: not so conveinent when you're writing software to be deployed on 100 servers and you dont want to have to install the same module 100 times <integral> bundle it with your app. <iank> x86: stop failing at sysadmining <iank> Or that. <integral> They're also pure-perl so this is very, very trivial. <integral> We have PARs which are jsut like Java's JARs for even more deployability win <iank> woohoo <mst> and people have this retarded obsession with only using core <mst> I mean, anybody who does perl for a living grows out of it pretty fucking fast <mst> but there's always colossal whining the first time you tell someone to get something from CPAN <integral> But due to my last point, PAR isn't as well known as it should be <mst> x86: thanks for being today's example :)
<Xavvy> is that really knghtbrd? <Knghtbrd> No, I'm an EVIL IMPOSTOR! <Knghtbrd> An evil impostor who LIKES HYBRID! <Xavvy> haha <Xavvy> ok, it's him :P
Xeno's paradox is easily disproved in three steps: 1. Get crossbow and bolt. 2. Aim crossbow at Xeno. 3. Fire. If the bolt moves to Xeno, then it is proved that movement is possible. Also, Xeno will be dead. Win win situation.
Xerox does it again and again and again and ...
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
Xerox your lunch and file it under "sex offenders"!
XIIdigitation, n.: The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
XI: If the Earth could be made to rotate twice as fast, managers would get twice as much done. If the Earth could be made to rotate twenty times as fast, everyone else would get twice as much done since all the managers would fly off. XII: It costs a lot to build bad products. XIII: There are many highly successful businesses in the United States. There are also many highly paid executives. The policy is not to intermingle the two. XIV: After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes. There will be no takeoffs either, because electronics will occupy 100 percent of every airplane's weight. XV: The last 10 percent of performance generates one-third of the cost and two-thirds of the problems.
<xinkeT> "Lord grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to hide the bodies of the people I had to kill because they pissed me off."
XLI: The more one produces, the less one gets. XLII: Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing. XLIII: Hardware works best when it matters the least. XLIV: Aircraft flight in the 21st century will always be in a westerly direction, preferably supersonic, crossing time zones to provide the additional hours needed to fix the broken electronics. XLV: One should expect that the expected can be prevented, but the unexpected should have been expected. XLVI: A billion saved is a billion earned.
XLVII: Two-thirds of the Earth's surface is covered with water. The other third is covered with auditors from headquarters. XLVIII: The more time you spend talking about what you have been doing, the less time you have to spend doing what you have been talking about. Eventually, you spend more and more time talking about less and less until finally you spend all your time talking about nothing. XLIX: Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds. L: The average regulation has a life span one-fifth as long as a chimpanzee's and one-tenth as long as a human's -- but four times as long as the official's who created it. LI: By the time of the United States Tricentennial, there will be more government workers than there are workers. LII: People working in the private sector should try to save money. There remains the possibility that it may someday be valuable again.
X-Manoj-Position-Advisory: Please note that Manoj Srivastava likely doubts any facts posited and opposes any conclusions reached in this message.
<xtifr> Athena Desktop Environment! In your hearts, you *know* it's the right choice! :) * Knghtbrd THWAPS xtifr
<xtifr> direct brain implants :) <knghtbrd> xtifr - yah, then using computers would actually require some of these idiots to think! <knghtbrd> ;>
<xtifr> wow, I think I just used libtool to solve a problem -- somebody help me! :> <luca> xtifr, STEP AWAY FROM THE KEYBOARD
<xtifr> you don't have to be insane to work here....oh wait, yes you do! :)
XVI: In the year 2054, the entire defense budget will purchase just one aircraft. This aircraft will have to be shared by the Air Force and Navy 3-1/2 days each per week except for leap year, when it will be made available to the Marines for the extra day. XVII: Software is like entropy. It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.e., it always increases. XVIII: It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability. It is not uncommon to increase the cost of an item by a factor of ten for each factor of ten degradation accomplished. XIX: Although most products will soon be too costly to purchase, there will be a thriving market in the sale of books on how to fix them. XX: In any given year, Congress will appropriate the amount of funding approved the prior year plus three-fourths of whatever change the administration requests -- minus 4-percent tax.
X windows: Accept any substitute. If it's broke, don't fix it. If it ain't broke, fix it. Form follows malfunction. The Cutting Edge of Obsolescence. The trailing edge of software technology. Armageddon never looked so good. Japan's secret weapon. You'll envy the dead. Making the world safe for competing window systems. Let it get in YOUR way. The problem for your problem. If it starts working, we'll fix it. Pronto. It could be worse, but it'll take time. Simplicity made complex. The greatest productivity aid since typhoid. Flakey and built to stay that way. One thousand monkeys. One thousand MicroVAXes. One thousand years. X windows.
X windows: It's not how slow you make it. It's how you make it slow. The windowing system preferred by masochists 3 to 1. Built to take on the world... and lose! Don't try it 'til you've knocked it. Power tools for Power Fools. Putting new limits on productivity. The closer you look, the cruftier we look. Design by counterexample. A new level of software disintegration. No hardware is safe. Do your time. Rationalization, not realization. Old-world software cruftsmanship at its finest. Gratuitous incompatibility. Your mother. THE user interference management system. You can't argue with failure. You haven't died 'til you've used it. The environment of today... tomorrow! X windows.
X windows: Something you can be ashamed of. 30% more entropy than the leading window system. The first fully modular software disaster. Rome was destroyed in a day. Warn your friends about it. Climbing to new depths. Sinking to new heights. An accident that couldn't wait to happen. Don't wait for the movie. Never use it after a big meal. Need we say less? Plumbing the depths of human incompetence. It'll make your day. Don't get frustrated without it. Power tools for power losers. A software disaster of Biblical proportions. Never had it. Never will. The software with no visible means of support. More than just a generation behind. Hindenburg. Titanic. Edsel. X windows.
X windows: The ultimate bottleneck. Flawed beyond belief. The only thing you have to fear. Somewhere between chaos and insanity. On autopilot to oblivion. The joke that kills. A disgrace you can be proud of. A mistake carried out to perfection. Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set. To err is X windows. Ignorance is our most important resource. Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems. Built to fall apart. Nullifying centuries of progress. Falling to new depths of inefficiency. The last thing you need. The defacto substandard. Elevating brain damage to an art form. X windows.
X windows: We will dump no core before its time. One good crash deserves another. A bad idea whose time has come. And gone. We make excuses. It didn't even look good on paper. You laugh now, but you'll be laughing harder later! A new concept in abuser interfaces. How can something get so bad, so quickly? It could happen to you. The art of incompetence. You have nothing to lose but your lunch. When uselessness just isn't enough. More than a mere hindrance. It's a whole new barrier! When you can't afford to be right. And you thought we couldn't make it worse. If it works, it isn't X windows.
X windows: You'd better sit down. Don't laugh. It could be YOUR thesis project. Why do it right when you can do it wrong? Live the nightmare. Our bugs run faster. When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight. There ARE no rules. You'll wish we were kidding. Everything you never wanted in a window system. And more. Dissatisfaction guaranteed. There's got to be a better way. The next best thing to keypunching. Leave the thrashing to us. We wrote the book on core dumps. Even your dog won't like it. More than enough rope. Garbage at your fingertips. Incompatibility. Shoddiness. Uselessness. X windows.
XXI: It's easy to get a loan unless you need it. XXII: If stock market experts were so expert, they would be buying stock, not selling advice. XXIII: Any task can be completed in only one-third more time than is currently estimated. XXIV: The only thing more costly than stretching the schedule of an established project is accelerating it, which is itself the most costly action known to man. XXV: A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete or a new canvas to an artist.
XXVI: If a sufficient number of management layers are superimposed on each other, it can be assured that disaster is not left to chance. XXVII: Rank does not intimidate hardware. Neither does the lack of rank. XXVIII: It is better to be the reorganizer than the reorganizee. XXIX: Executives who do not produce successful results hold on to their jobs only about five years. Those who produce effective results hang on about half a decade. XXX: By the time the people asking the questions are ready for the answers, the people doing the work have lost track of the questions.
XXXI: The optimum committee has no members. XXXII: Hiring consultants to conduct studies can be an excellent means of turning problems into gold -- your problems into their gold. XXXIII: Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread. XXXIV: The process of competitively selecting contractors to perform work is based on a system of rewards and penalties, all distributed randomly. XXXV: The weaker the data available upon which to base one's conclusion, the greater the precision which should be quoted in order to give the data authenticity.
XXXVI: The thickness of the proposal required to win a multimillion dollar contract is about one millimeter per million dollars. If all the proposals conforming to this standard were piled on top of each other at the bottom of the Grand Canyon it would probably be a good idea. XXXVII: Ninety percent of the time things will turn out worse than you expect. The other 10 percent of the time you had no right to expect so much. XXXVIII: The early bird gets the worm. The early worm ... gets eaten. XXXIX: Never promise to complete any project within six months of the end of the year -- in either direction. XL: Most projects start out slowly -- and then sort of taper off.
"Yacc" owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in their endless search for "one more feature." Their irritating unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
Ya'll hear about the geometer who went to the beach to catch some rays and became a tangent ?
Yawd [noun, Bostonese]: the campus of Have Id.
Yea from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
"Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context."
> Yeah, Linus is in the US. > > His source trees are in Finland. OK, someone give him access -fast- ...... ;-)
Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet. I've got eight slugs in me. One's lead, the rest bourbon. The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver. I'm a private eye.
Yeah, there are more important things in life than money, but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.
Year Name James Bond Book ---- -------------------------------- -------------- ---- 50's James Bond TV Series Barry Nelson 1962 Dr. No Sean Connery 1958 1963 From Russia With Love Sean Connery 1957 1964 Goldfinger Sean Connery 1959 1965 Thunderball Sean Connery 1961 1967* Casino Royale David Niven 1954 1967 You Only Live Twice Sean Connery 1964 1969 On Her Majesty's Secret Service George Lazenby 1963 1971 Diamonds Are Forever Sean Connery 1956 1973 Live And Let Die Roger Moore 1955 1974 The Man With The Golden Gun Roger Moore 1965 1977 The Spy Who Loved Me Roger Moore 1962 (novelette) 1979 Moonraker Roger Moore 1955 1981 For Your Eyes Only Roger Moore 1960 (novelette) 1983 Octopussy Roger Moore 1965 1983* Never Say Never Again Sean Connery 1985 A View To A Kill Roger Moore 1960 (novelette) 1987 The Living Daylights Timothy Dalton 1965 (novelette) * -- Not a Broccoli production.
Year, n.: A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic operators together.
"Yes, and I feel bad about rendering their useless carci into dogfood..."
"Yes, bugger all that." said Nanny. "Let's curse somebody." (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
Yes, but which self do you want to be?
Yes, but will I see the EASTER BUNNY in skintight leather at an IRON MAIDEN concert?
"Yes, I am a real piece of work. One thing we learn at Ulowell is how to flame useless hacking non-EE's like you. I am superior to you in every way by training and expertise in the technical field. Anyone can learn how to hack, but Engineering doesn't come nearly as easily. Actually, I'm not trying to offend all you CS majors out there, but I think EE is one of the hardest majors/grad majors to pass. Fortunately, I am making it." "Being both an EE and an asshole at the same time must be a terrible burden for you. This isn't really a flame, just a casual observation. Makes me glad I was a CS major, life is really pleasant for me. Have fun with your chosen mode of existence!"
Yes I have a Machintosh, please don't scream at me.
Yes, it is written. Good shall always destroy evil.
Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those L-shaped ones. Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
"Yes, let's consider," said Bruno, putting his thumb into his mouth again, and sitting down upon a dead mouse. "What do you keep that mouse for?" I said. "You should either bury it or else throw it into the brook." "Why, it's to measure with!" cried Bruno. "How ever would you do a garden without one? We make each bed three mouses and a half long, and two mouses wide." I stopped him as he was dragging it off by the tail to show me how it was used...
Yes, many primitive people still believe this myth...But in today's technical vastness of the future, we can guess that surely things were much different.
Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me. And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy. Just different ways to kill the pain the same. But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me, Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy. I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
"Yes," said the skull. "Quit while you're a head, that's what I say."
Yesterday I asked one of my students if she knew what an encyclopedia is, and she said: "Is it something like Wikipedia?".
Yesterday I was a dog. Today I'm a dog. Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog. Sigh! There's so little hope for advancement.
Yesterday upon the stair I met a man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today -- I think he's from the CIA.
Yes, we have consensus that we need 64 bit support. :-)
Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars, and Pluto, but not necessarily in that order.
YES! YES! YES! Oh, YES! (ooops, I sound like Meg Ryan ;-)
Yet, acting on fully integrated honesty (Neo-Tech), not reason itself, is the basic moral act. When Genghis Khan, for example, chose to use reasoning for a specific military move, then in an out-of-context sense, he chose to act morally by protecting himself and his troops (thus filling human biological needs). But in the larger sense of fully integrated honesty, Khan's total actions were grossly immoral in choosing to use aggressive force in becoming a mass murderer (thus negating human biological needs). The highly destructive, irrational immorality of Genghis Khan's overall dictatorial military actions far outweighed any narrow, out-of-context "moral" actions. …Genghis Khan was enormously evil as were Stalin, Hitler, Mao, Castro, Pol Pot. [Neo-Tech Orientation and Definitions](http://www.neo-tech.com/orientation/)
Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking almost gently. The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most astonishin' things to preserve their respectability. Thank God I'm not respectable.
Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty feet.
Yielding Nothing in the world is as soft and yielding as water, Yet nothing can better overcome the hard and strong, For they can neither control nor do away with it. The soft overcomes the hard, The yielding overcomes the strong; Every person knows this, But no one can practice it. Who attends to the people would control the land and grain; Who attends to the state would control the whole world; Truth is easily hidden by rhetoric.
Yield to Temptation ... it may not pass your way again.
Yinkel, n.: A person who combs his hair over his bald spot, hoping no one will notice.
"Yo baby yo baby yo."
"Yo, Mike!" "Yeah, Gabe?" "We got a problem down on Earth. In Utah." "I thought you fixed that last century!" "No, no, not that. Someone's found a security problem in the physics program. They're getting energy out of nowhere." "Blessit! Lemme look... <tappity clickity tappity> Hey, it's there all right! OK, just a sec... <tappity clickity tap... save... compile> There, that ought to patch it. Dist it out, wouldja?"
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty spray paint cans in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.
"You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but only for a limited period of time. Why should we think that collectively, as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?"
You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
You are always busy.
You are always doing something marginal when the boss drops by your desk.
You are an excellent tactician, Captain. You let your second in command attack while you sit and watch for weakness.
You are an insult to my intelligence! I demand that you log off immediately.
You are as I am with You.
You are a taxi driver. Your cab is yellow and black, and has been in use for only seven years. One of its windshield wipers is broken, and the carburetor needs adjusting. The tank holds 20 gallons, but at the moment is only three-quarters full. How old is the taxi driver?"
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
You are capable of planning your future.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
You are false data.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
You are in the hall of the mountain king.
You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it true. You may have to work for it, however. the Advanced Soul"
You are not a fool just because you have done something foolish -- only if the folly of it escapes you.
You are not dead yet. But watch for further reports.
You are number 6! Who is number one?
"You are old, Father William," the young man said, "All your papers these days look the same; Those William's would be better unread -- Do these facts never fill you with shame?" "In my youth," Father William replied to his son, "I wrote wonderful papers galore; But the great reputation I found that I'd won, Made it pointless to think any more."
"You are old, father William," the young man said, "And your hair has become very white; And yet you incessantly stand on your head -- Do you think, at your age, it is right?" "In my youth," father William replied to his son, "I feared it might injure the brain; But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none, Why, I do it again and again." "You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before, And have grown most uncommonly fat; Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door -- Pray what is the reason of that?" "In my youth," said the sage, as he shook his grey locks, "I kept all my limbs very supple By the use of this ointment -- one shilling the box -- Allow me to sell you a couple?"
"You are old," said the youth, "and I'm told by my peers That your lectures bore people to death. Yet you talk at one hundred conventions per year -- Don't you think that you should save your breath?" "I have answered three questions and that is enough," Said his father, "Don't give yourself airs! Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff? Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!"
"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak For anything tougher than suet; Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak -- Pray, how did you manage to do it?" "In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law, And argued each case with my wife; And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw, Has lasted the rest of my life." "You are old," said the youth, "one would hardly suppose That your eye was as steady as ever; Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose -- What made you so awfully clever?" "I have answered three questions, and that is enough," Said his father. "Don't give yourself airs! Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff? Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!"
"You are old," said the youth, "and your programs don't run, And there isn't one language you like; Yet of useful suggestions for help you have none -- Have you thought about taking a hike?" "Since I never write programs," his father replied, "Every language looks equally bad; Yet the people keep paying to read all my books And don't realize that they've been had."
"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before, And make errors few people could bear; You complain about everyone's English but yours -- Do you really think this is quite fair?" "I make lots of mistakes," Father William declared, "But my stature these days is so great That no critic can hurt me -- I've got them all scared, And to stop me it's now far too late."
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward. Therefore you have few friends.
You are sick, twisted and perverted. I like that in a person.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
You are standing on my toes.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who points to you and says, "Them's fighting words!" You immediately get attacked by all sorts of denizens of the museum: there is a cobra chewing on your leg, a troglodyte is bashing your brains out with a gold nugget, a crocodile is removing large chunks of flesh from you, a rhinoceros is goring you with his horn, a sabre-tooth cat is busy trying to disembowel you, you are being trampled by a large mammoth, a vampire is sucking you dry, a Tyrannosaurus Rex is sinking his six inch long fangs into various parts of your anatomy, a large bear is dismembering your body, a gargoyle is bouncing up and down on your head, a burly troll is tearing you limb from limb, several dire wolves are making mince meat out of your torso, and the wizard is about to transport you to the corner of Westwood and Broxton. Oh dear, you seem to have gotten yourself killed, as well. You scored 0 out of 250 possible points. That gives you a ranking of junior beginning adventurer. To achieve the next higher rating, you need to score 32 more points.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
"You are WRONG, you ol' brass-breasted fascist poop!"
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You auto buy now.
"You boys lookin' for trouble?" "Sure. Whaddya got?"
You buttered your bread, now lie in it.
You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.
You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail. Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable to find a way to damage them. They last forever, largely because nobody ever eats them. In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year; some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years. The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet. Be sure to wear safety glasses.
You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier. They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.
You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
You can be replaced by this computer.
You can bring any calculator you like to the midterm, as long as it doesn't dim the lights when you turn it on.
You can cage a swallow, can't you, but you can't swallow a cage, can you? Girl, bathing on Bikini, eyeing boy, finds boy eyeing bikini on bathing girl. A man, a plan, a canal -- Panama!
You can create your own opportunities this week. Blackmail a senior executive.
You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
You can do this in a number of ways. IBM chose to do all of them. Why do you find that funny?
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.
> > You can easily install the binary distribution of Mozilla (from > > mozilla.org) on a different prefix, possibly under your home directory. > > Please install it and use it instead of Mozilla 1.1, at least when > > verifying if problems indeed exist. I do not wish to tolerate any more > > reports of problems when using Mozilla 1.1, because I can't tell if it's a > > bug that was fixed by then, or if it's an actual issue with Mozilla. > > > > On a slightly different note: my machine crashed the other day when > > using it with kernel 2.6.0. Can anyone help? > > I do not wish to tolerate any reports of problems when using kernel > 2.6.0, because I can't tell if it's a bug that was fixed by then, or > if it's an actual issue with the kernel. My Commodore 64 is suffering from slowness and insufficiency of memory; and its display device is grievously short of pixels. Can anyone help?
You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right and the budget is big enough.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can make a fool of yourself anytime.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can never fool your Mom.
You can fool some of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.
You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.
You can get everything in life you want, if you will help enough other people get what they want.
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone. [Also attributed to Johnny Carson. Ed.]
You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend, You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end. (chorus) Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day, Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way. You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park, You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark. (chorus) You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt, You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't. (chorus)
"You can have my Unix system when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers."
You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once.
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.
You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
You can move the world with an idea, but you have to think of it first.
You canna change the laws of physics, Captain; I've got to have thirty minutes!
You can never do just one thing.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You can not get anything worthwhile done without raising a sweat. What ever you want is going to cost a little more than it is worth. You can not win the game, and you are not allowed to stop playing.
You cannot have a science without measurement.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
You cannot see the wood for the trees.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
You can now buy more gates with less specifications than at any other time in history.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
You can observe a lot just by watching. -- Yogi Berra
You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
You can prove anything by mentioning another computer language. :-)
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
You can't break eggs without making an omelet.
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
You can't cheat an honest man. Never give a sucker an even break or smarten up a chump.
You can't cheat the phone company.
You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
You can tell how far we have to go, when FORTRAN is the language of supercomputers.
You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.
You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
You can't evaluate a man by logic alone.
You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
"You can't expect a mother to be with a small child all the time," Margaret Mead once remarked, with her usual good sense, but in 1978 she shocked feminists by snapping that women don't really have children to put them in day care twelve hours a day, either.
You can't fall off the floor.
"You can't find a hermit to teach you herming, because of course that rather spoils the whole thing."
You can't get there from here.
"You can't get very far in this world without your dossier being there first."
"You can't go around building a better world for people. Only people can build a better world for people. Otherwise it's just a cage."
You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.
You can't have everything... where would you put it?
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
"You can't have filenames longer than 14 chars. You can't even think about them!"
You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
"You can think and you can fight, but the world's always movin', and if you wanna stay ahead you gotta dance."
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
You can't hug a child with nuclear arms.
You can't hurt me!! I have an ASSUMABLE MORTGAGE!!
You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.
You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
"You can't make a program without broken egos."
You can't make people happy by law. If you said to a bunch of average people two hundred years ago "Would you be happy in a world where medical care is widely available, houses are clean, the world's music and sights and foods can be brought into your home at small cost, travelling even 100 miles is easy, childbirth is generally not fatal to mother or child, you don't have to die of dental abcesses and you don't have to do what the squire tells you" they'd think you were talking about the New Jerusalem and say 'yes'.
You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.
You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
You can't push on a string.
You can't remember the plot of the Dr Who movie because it didn't have one, just a lot of plot holes strung together. It did have a lot of flashing lights, though.
You can't run away forever, But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
"You can't second-guess ineffability, I always say."
You can't start worrying about what's going to happen. You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
"You can't survive by sucking the juice from a wet mitten." Over and Over"
You can't take damsel here now.
You can't take it with you -- especially when crossing a state line.
"You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it, or they don't."
"You can't teach seven foot." a seven-foot tall auto mechanic
"You can't trample infidels when you're a tortoise. I mean, all you could do is give them a meaningful look."
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish. You can tune a filesystem, but you can't tuna fish.
You can write a small letter to Grandma in the filename.
You climb to reach the summit, but once there, discover that all roads lead down.
You could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first and last month in advance.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
..you could spend *all day* customizing the title bar. Believe me. I speak from experience.
You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m. anyway.
You'd better beat it. You can leave in a taxi. If you can't get a taxi, you can leave in a huff. If that's too soon, you can leave in a minute and a huff.
You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
You dialed 5483.
You did something because it had always been done, and the explanation was "but we've always done it this way." A million dead people can't have been wrong, can they?
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
You do not have mail.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
"You don't go out and kick a mad dog. If you have a mad dog with rabies, you take a gun and shoot him."
You don't have to be nice to people on the way up if you're not planning on coming back down.
You don't have to explain something you never said.
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
You don't have to wait--you can have it in 5.004_54 or so. :-)
You don't move to Edina, you achieve Edina.
You don't sew with a fork, so I see no reason to eat with knitting needles.
You Earth people glorified organized violence for forty centuries. But you imprison those who employ it privately.
You enjoy the company of other people.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You first have to decide whether to use the short or the long form. The short form is what the Internal Revenue Service calls "simplified", which means it is designed for people who need the help of a Sears tax-preparation expert to distinguish between their first and last names. Here's the complete text: "(1) How much did you make? (AMOUNT) (2) How much did we here at the government take out? (AMOUNT) (3) Hey! Sounds like we took too much! So we're going to send an official government check for (ONE-FIFTEENTH OF THE AMOUNT WE TOOK) directly to the (YOUR LAST NAME) household at (YOUR ADDRESS), for you to spend in any way you please! Which just goes to show you, (YOUR FIRST NAME), that it pays to file the short form!" The IRS wants you to use this form because it gets to keep most of your money. So unless you have pond silt for brains, you want the long form.
You first parents of the human race... who ruined yourself for an apple, what might you have done for a truffled turkey?
You fool. Why did you tell him the Spanish Inquisition is coming. Now he's going to expect it. niconorsk on a [Slashdot Comment](http://politics.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=224312&cid=18164404)
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
"You get more air close to the ground," said Angalo. "I read that in a book. You get lots of air low down, and not much when you go up." "Why not?" said Gurder. "Dunno. It's frightened of heights, I guess." (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
You get what you pay for.
You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me from your own life. May it all turn out to your happiness.
YOU!! Give me the CUTEST, PINKEST, most charming little VICTORIAN DOLLHOUSE you can find!! An make it SNAPPY!!
You go down to the pickup station, craving warmth and beauty; You settle for less than fascination -- a few drinks later you're not so choosy. And the closing lights strip off the shadows on this strange new flesh you've found -- Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf you hurry to the blackness and the blankets to lay down an impression and your loneliness.
You go slow, be gentle. It's no one-way street -- you know how you feel and that's all. It's how the girl feels too. Don't press. If the girl feels anything for you at all, you'll know.
You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
You got to pay your dues if you want to sing the blues, And you know it don't come easy ... I don't ask for much, I only want trust, And you know it don't come easy ...
You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
You had mail. Paul read it, so ask him what it said.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
You have acquired a scroll entitled 'irk gleknow mizk'(n).--More-- This is an IBM Manual scroll.--More-- You are permanently confused.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
You have all the characteristics of a popular politician: a horrible voice, bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).
You have a message from the operator.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success. Be sure to use it properly.
You have an unusual magnetic personality. Don't walk too close to metal objects which are not fastened down.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy. A pity that it's totally undeserved.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
You have a truly strong individuality.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?" "The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --" "My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice. "I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
You have junk mail.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You have mail.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have no chance to survive make your time.
You have no real enemies.
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
YOU HAVE PERHAPS HEARD THE PHRASE THAT HELL IS OTHER PEOPLE? "Yes. Yes, of course." Death nodded. IN TIME, he said, YOU WILL LEARN THAT IT IS WRONG.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
You have the body of a 19 year old. Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You'll learn a lot today.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
"You have the right not to be an asshole. If you give up that right everything you say and do in here will be held against you. If you cannot afford to stop being an asshole then someone will be appointed to kick yours outta here."
You have to admit that it's difficult to misplace the Perl sources. :-)
You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are. If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
You humans are all alike.
You humans have that emotional need to express gratitude. "You're welcome," I believe, is the correct response.
You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
You knew the job was dangerous when you took it, Fred.
You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is, and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...
You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
"You know, it's at times like this when I'm trapped in a Vogon airlock with a man from Betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me when I was young!" "Why, what did she tell you?" "I don't know, I didn't listen."
You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party and there aren't any.
You know it's going to be a long day when you get up, shave and shower, start to get dressed and your shoes are still warm.
You know it's Monday when you wake up and it's Tuesday.
You know my heart keeps tellin' me, You're not a kid at thirty-three, You play around you lose your wife, You play too long, you lose your life. Some gotta win, some gotta lose, Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.
"You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct."
"You know," said Windle, "it's a wonderful afterlife."
You know that feeling when you're leaning back on a stool and it starts to tip over? Well, that's how I feel all the time.
You know, the difference between this company and the Titanic is that the Titanic had paying customers.
You know the great thing about TV? If something important happens anywhere at all in the world, no matter what time of the day or night, you can always change the channel.
You know, the very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common: they don’t alter their views to fit the facts; they alter the facts to fit their views.
"You know, we've won awards for this crap."
You know what I'd really, really like? What I'd pay MONEY for? A ZX81 with a disc drive. I *understood* the ZX81. It was so easy to interface stuff to it.
You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language is revenge.
You know who's dumb? It's me. I'm dumb. I couldn't eject the tape. Because there was no tape. And I was looking at the slot cover.
"You know why there are so few sophisticated computer terrorists in the United States? Because your hackers have so much mobility into the establishment. Here, there is no such mobility. If you have the slightest bit of intellectual integrity you cannot support the government.... That's why the best computer minds belong to the opposition."
You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
> You know you are "there" when you are known by your first name, and > are recognized. > Lemmie see, there is Madonna, and Linus, and ..... help me out here! Bill ? ;-)
You know you have a small apartment when Rice Krispies echo.
You know your apartment is small... when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time. you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window. you have to go outside to change your mind. you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.
You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
You know you're in a small town when... You don't use turn signals because everybody knows where you're going. You're born on June 13 and your family receives gifts from the local merchants because you're the first baby of the year. Everyone knows whose credit is good, and whose wife isn't. You speak to each dog you pass, by name... and he wags his tail. You dial the wrong number, and talk for 15 minutes anyway. You write a check on the wrong bank and it covers you anyway.
You know you're in trouble when... (1) Your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway. (2) You want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party and there aren't any. (3) Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat. (4) The bird singing outside your window is a buzzard. (5) You wake up and your braces are locked together. (6) Your mother approves of the person you're dating.
You know you're in trouble when... (1) Your only son tells you he wishes Anita Bryant would mind her own business. (2) You put your bra on backwards and it fits better. (3) You call Suicide Prevention and they put you on hold. (4) You see a `60 Minutes' news team waiting in your office. (5) Your birthday cake collapses from the weight of the candles. (6) Your 4-year old reveals that it's "almost impossible" to flush a grapefruit down the toilet. (7) You realize that you've memorized the back of the cereal box.
You know you're in trouble when... (1) You've been at work for an hour before you notice that your skirt is caught in your pantyhose. Especially if you're a man. (2) Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife. (3) Your income tax check bounces. (4) You put both contact lenses in the same eye. (5) Your wife says, "Good morning, Bill" and your name is George. (6) You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water... the day after you bought a waterbed. (7) You go on your honeymoon to a remote little hotel and the desk clerk, bell hop, and manager have a "Welcome Back" party for your spouse.
You know you're in trouble when... (1) You wake up face down on the pavement. (2) Your wife wakes up feeling amorous and you have a headache. (3) You turn on the news and they're showing emergency routes out of the city. (4) Your twin sister forgot your birthday. (5) You wake up and discover your waterbed broke and then remember that you don't have a waterbed. (6) Your doctor tells you you're allergic to chocolate.
You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.
You know you've been spending too much time on the computer when your friend misdates a check, and you suggest adding a "++" to fix it.
You know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE "SOMEONE ELSE."
"You like it?" he said to Mort, in pretty much the same tone of voice people used when they said to St George, "You killed a *what*?" (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
You'll always be, What you always were, Which has nothing to do with, All to do, with her.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be sorry...
You'll feel devilish tonight. Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You'll learn something about men and women -- the way they're supposed to be. Caring for each other, being happy with each other, being good to each other. That's what we call love. You'll like that a lot.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.
"You'll pay to know what you really think."
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
You look like a million dollars. All green and wrinkled.
You look tired.
You love peace.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You may already be a loser.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely larger than others.
You may be marching to the beat of a different drummer, but you're still in the parade.
You may be recognized soon. Hide.
You may be right, I may be crazy, But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for!
You may be sure that when a man begins to call himself a "realist," he is preparing to do something he is secretly ashamed of doing.
You may call me by my name, Wirth, or by my value, Worth.
You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with him.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today. Watch it!
You may have heard that a dean is to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog.
You may my glories and my state dispose, But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
“You may not work around any technical limitations in the software” — Windows Vista licence
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
"You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you fit to hear his view of things?" "Quite the contrary. You must defend your integrity, assuming you have integrity to defend. But you must defend it nobly, not by imitating his own low behavior. If you are gentle where he is rough, if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as potentially worthy. If he does not, then he is not a master, after all, and you may feel free to kick his ass."
"You mean mysterious ancient races of Amazonian princesses who subject all male prisoners to strange and exhausting progenitative rites?" said Eric, his glasses beginning to fog.
You mean now I can SHOOT YOU in the back and further BLUR th' distinction between FANTASY and REALITY?
You mean you didn't *know* she was off making lots of little phone companies?
You mean you don't want to watch WRESTLING from ATLANTA?
You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for success. You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits or white plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume party disguised as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
...you might as well skip the Xmas celebration completely, and instead sit in front of your linux computer playing with the all-new-and-improved linux kernel version.
You might have mail.
You must be present to win.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
You must dine in our cafeteria. You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!
"You must have an IQ of at least half a million." -- Popeye
You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property and services if it is not specifically exempt. Report property (goods) and services at their fair market values. Examples include income from bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.), cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services, gambling, prizes and awards. Not reporting such income can lead to prosecution for perjury and fraud.
You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty to his own concept of the obligations of manhood. All other loyalties are merely deputies of that one.
'You must know that I am not without artifice where magic is concerned,' said Weasel. 'Only last year did I - assisted by my friend there - part the notoriously powerful Archmage of Ymitury from his staff, his belt of moon jewels, and his life, in that approximate order.'
"You must learn to run your kayak by a sort of ju-jitsu. You must learn to tell what the river will do to you, and given those parameters see how you can live with it. You must absorb its force and convert it to your users as best you can. Even with the quickness and agility of a kayak, you are not faster than the river, nor stronger, and you can beat it only by understanding it."
You must realize that the computer has it in for you. The irrefutable proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
You need no longer worry about the future. This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You need not be present to win.
"You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape."
You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape.
You never ever volunteered. Not even if a sergant stood there and said, "We need someone to drink alcohol, bottles of, and make love, passionate, to women, for the use of." There was *always* a snag. If a choir of angels asked for volunteers for Paradise to step forward, Nobby knew enough to take one smart pace to the rear.
You never gain something but that you lose something.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
You never go anywhere without your soul.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
You never learn anything by doing it right.
"Young Edward thinks that there is no lake of blood too big to wade through to put a rightful king on a throne, no deed too base in defence of a crown. A romantic, in fact." (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
Young men are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for execution than for counsel; and fitter for new projects than for settled business. For the experience of age, in things that fall within the compass of it, directeth them; but in new things, abuseth them. The errors of young men are the ruin of business; but the errors of aged men amount but to this, that more might have been done, or sooner. Young men, in the conduct and management of actions, embrace more than they can hold; stir more than they can quiet; fly to the end, without consideration of the means and degrees; pursue some few principles which they have chanced upon absurdly; care not how they innovate, which draws unknown inconveniences; and, that which doubleth all errors, will not acknowledge or retract them; like an unready horse, that will neither stop nor turn. Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success. Certainly, it is good to compound employments of both ... because the virtues of either age may correct the defects of both.
Young men, hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
Young men think old men are fools; but old men know young men are fools.
You now have Asian Flu.
You or I must yield up his life to Ahrimanes. I would rather it were you. I should have no hesitation in sacrificing my own life to spare yours, but we take stock next week, and it would not be fair on the company.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
- "You pay for it before you eat it? What happens if it's dreadful?" - "That's why."
YOU PICKED KARL MALDEN'S NOSE!!
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient. Don't believe a thing he tells you.
"Your attitude determines your attitude."
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
"Your butt is mine."
Your canceled check is your receipt.
Your CHEEKS sit like twin NECTARINES above a MOUTH that knows no BOUNDS --
Your code should be more efficient!
Your compliance with all terms and conditions, expressed and implied, is automatic upon viewing.
Your computer account is overdrawn. Please reauthorize.
Your computer account is overdrawn. Please see Big Brother.
Your conscience never stops you from doing anything. It just stops you from enjoying it.
Your Co-worker Could Be a Space Alien, Say Experts ...Here's How You Can Tell Many Americans work side by side with space aliens who look human -- but you can spot these visitors by looking for certain tip-offs, say experts. They listed 10 signs to watch for: (3) Bizarre sense of humor. Space aliens who don't understand earthly humor may laugh during a company training film or tell jokes that no one understands, said Steiger. (6) Misuses everyday items. "A space alien may use correction fluid to paint its nails," said Steiger. (8) Secretive about personal life-style and home. "An alien won't discuss details or talk about what it does at night or on weekends." (10) Displays a change of mood or physical reaction when near certain high-tech hardware. "An alien may experience a mood change when a microwave oven is turned on," said Steiger. The experts pointed out that a co-worker would have to display most if not all of these traits before you can positively identify him as a space alien. [I thought everybody laughed at company training films. Ed.]
Your csh still thinks true is false. Write to your vendor today and tell them that next year Configure ought to "rm /bin/csh" unless they fix their blasted shell. :-) -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
Your daily dietary values may be higher or lower depending on your caloric needs.
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes on a long, dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists and turns, being attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and not knowing until the last minute whether it will be turned into a useful body part or ejected into the Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter. We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds if we felt like it.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
"You're a creature of the night, Michael. Wait'll Mom hears about this."
You're a good example of why some animals eat their young. Ah, yes. I remember my first beer. When your IQ rises to 28, sell.
You're all clear now, kid. Now blow this thing so we can all go home.
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
You're already carrying the sphere!
You're always thinking you're gonna be the one that makes 'em act different.
You're at the end of the road again.
You're at Witt's End.
You're being followed. Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
"You're dead," he said. Keli waited. She couldn't think of any suitable reply. "I'm not" lacked a certain style, while "Is it serious?" seemed somehow too frivolous. (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
You're dead, Jim.
You're definitely on their list. The question to ask next is what list it is.
Your education begins where what is called your education is over.
You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that you're growing into.
- "You're Hells Angels, then? What chapter are you from?" - REVELATIONS, CHAPTER SIX. (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
You're never too old to become younger.
"You're not allowed to call them dinosaurs anymore." said Yo-less. "It's speciesist. You have to call them pre-petroleum persons."
You're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings.
You're not Dave. Who are you?
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
You're not my type. For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
"You're not one of us." "I don't think I'm one of them, either," said Brutha. "I'm one of mine."
You're too beautiful to ignore. Too much woman.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
You're using a keyboard! How quaint!
You're working under a slight handicap. You happen to be human.
Your fault -- core dumped
Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket. EOF
Your financial institution may impose additional fees and charges.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
Your good nature will bring unbounded happiness.
Your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness.
Your goose is cooked. (Your current chick is burned up too!)
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your job is being a professor and researcher: That's one hell of a good excuse for some of the brain-damages of minix.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love life will be... interesting.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not original and the part that is original is not good.
Your mileage may vary.
Your mind is the part of you that says, "Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?" ... and then, twenty minutes later, says, "Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.
Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.
"Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!"
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself. Being true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the mark of a fake messiah. The simplest questions are the most profound. Where were you born? Where is your home? Where are you going? What are you doing? Think about these once in awhile and watch your answers change.
Your own mileage may vary.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
:-) your own self.
Your password is pitifully obvious.
Your picture of the world often changes just before you get it into focus.
Your present plans will be successful.
Your program is sick! Shoot it and put it out of its memory.
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine. You need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion picture star. If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use the word "collectible" as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified success.
Yours is not to reason why, Just to Sail Away. And when you find you have to throw Your Legacy away; Remember life as was it is, And is as it were; Chasing sounds across the galaxy 'Till silence is but a blur.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Your step will soil many countries.
"Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par." "Yours is."
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Your wig steers the gig.
Your wise men don't know how it feels To be thick as a brick.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on. So keep looking until you find it. Don't settle.
Your worship is your furnaces which, like old idols, lost obscenes, have molten bowels; your vision is machines for making more machines.
"You say there are two types of people?" "Yes, those who separate people into two groups and those that don't." "Wrong. There are three groups: Those who separate people into three groups. Those who don't separate people into groups. Those who can't decide." "Wait a minute, what about people who separate people into two groups?" "Oh. Okay, then there are four groups." "Aren't you then separating people into four groups?" "Yeah." "So then there's a fifth group, right?" "You know, the problem is these idiots who can't make up their minds."
You say you are lying. But if everything you say is a lie, then you are telling the truth. You cannot tell the truth because everything you say is a lie. You lie, you tell the truth ... but you cannot, for you lie.
You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.
"You see a wile, you thwart. Am I right?" (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
You see but you do not observe. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, in "The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes"
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose. A fool takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it. Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain-attic. He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect order. It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and can distend to any extent. Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You see things; and you say "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?" [No, it wasn't J. F. Kennedy. Ed.]
You See What I Want You to See
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
You should all JUMP UP AND DOWN for TWO HOURS while I decide on a NEW CAREER!!
You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.
You should emulate your heroes, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
You should go home.
You should learn several new words everyday--eventually you will forget how to speak so others can understand you. Yaakov on Freenode's #perl
You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except incest and folk-dancing.
You should never bet against anything in science at odds of more than about 10^12 to 1.
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that, contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from houses. Really, that's what scientists believe. In fact many scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the summer. If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day, you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
You shouldn't have to pay for your love with your bones and your flesh.
"You shouldn't make my toaster angry."
You shouldn't wallow in self-pity. But it's OK to put your feet in it and swish them around a little.
You should tip the waiter $10, minus $2 if he tells you his name, another $2 if he claims it will be His Pleasure to serve you and another $2 for each "special" he describes involving confusing terms such as "shallots," and $4 if the menu contains the word "fixin's." In many restaurants, this means the waiter will actually owe you money. If you are traveling with a child aged six months to three years, you should leave an additional amount equal to twice the bill to compensate for the fact that they will have to take the banquette out and burn it because the cracks are wedged solid with gobbets made of partially chewed former restaurant rolls saturated with baby spit. In New York, tip the taxicab driver $40 if he does not mention his hemorrhoids.
"You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture"
"You show me an American who can keep his mouth shut and I'll eat him."
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
"You, sir, are nothing but a pathetically lame salesdroid! I fart in your general direction!"
You speak of courage. Obviously you do not know the difference between courage and foolhardiness. Always it is the brave ones who die, the soldiers. stardate 3201.7
"You stay here, Audrey -- this is between me and the vegetable!"
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You tell it that it's indicative by appending $!. That's why we made $! such a short variable name, after all. :-)
Youth doesn't excuse everything. stardate 5928.5.
Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
Youth is not a time of life, it is a state of mind; it is a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions, a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over love of ease. Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years; people grow old only by deserting their ideals. Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. Worry, doubt, self-distrust, fear, and despair back to dust. Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart the love of wonder, the sweet amazement at the stars and the starlike things and thoughts, the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike appetite for what next, and the joy and the game of life. You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young as your self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as old as your despair. So long as your heart receives messages of beauty, cheer, courage, grandeur and power from the earth, from man, and from the Infinite, so long you are young.
Youth is such a wonderful thing. What a crime to waste it on children.
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.
Youth. It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.
Youth -- not a time of life but a state of mind... a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
Youth of today! Join me in a mass rally for traditional mental attitudes!
YOU TOO CAN MAKE BIG MONEY IN THE EXCITING FIELD OF PAPER SHUFFLING! Mr. Smith of Muddle, Mass. says: "Before I took this course I used to be a lowly bit twiddler. Now with what I learned at MIT Tech I feel really important and can obfuscate and confuse with the best." Mr. Watkins had this to say: "Ten short days ago all I could look forward to was a dead-end job as a engineer. Now I have a promising future and make really big Zorkmids." MIT Tech can't promise these fantastic results to everyone, but when you earn your MDL degree from MIT Tech your future will be brighter. SEND FOR OUR FREE BROCHURE TODAY!
You too can wear a nose mitten.
You tread upon my patience.
"You tried it just for once, found it alright for kicks, but now you find out you have a habit that sticks, you're an orgasm addict, you're always at it, and you're an orgasm addict."
"You tweachewous miscweant!"
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
You've been Berkeley'ed!
You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
You've been telling me to relax all the way here, and now you're telling me just to be myself?
"You've got a lot of time for abstract thought when you've got your hand stuck up a dead badger."
"You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks."
"You've got to think about tomorrow!" "TOMORROW! I haven't even prepared for *yesterday* yet!"
You want it in one line? Does it have to fit in 80 columns? :-)
You want to know why I kept getting promoted? Because my mouth knows more than my brain.
You were s'posed to laugh!
You! What PLANET is this!
"You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion?"
You will always find something in the last place you look.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be awarded some great honor.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will be divorced within a year.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You will be married within a year.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be successful in love.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
You will contract a rare disease.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will find me drinking gin In the lowest kind of inn, Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
You will get what you deserve.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
You will have a head crash on your private pack.
You will have a long and boring life.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will have long and healthy life.
You will have many recoverable tape errors.
You will have to look a long way before you find a bunch of scum-suckers more greedy, humourless and deserving of death than the suits in the music business.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
You will lose an important disk file.
You will lose an important tape file.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise salesman.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
You will never amount to much.
You will never know hunger.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
You will not censor me through bug terrorism.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will pay for your sins. If you have already paid, please disregard this message.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day.
You will soon forget this.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
"You won't get away with this," said Cutwell. He thought for a bit and added, "Well, you will probably get away with it, but you'll feel bad about it on your deathbed and you'll wish -- " He stopped talking. (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
You work very hard. Don't try to think as well.
You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You are not paid enough to worry.
"You would do well not to imagine profundity," he said. "Anything that seems of momentous occasion should be dwelt upon as though it were of slight note. Conversely, trivialities must be attended to with the greatest of care. Because death is momentous, give it no thought; because victory is important, give it no thought; because the method of achievement and discovery is less momentous than the effect, dwell always upon the method. You will strengthen yourself in this way."
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
Yow!
Yow! Am I having fun yet?
Yow! Am I in Milwaukee?
Yow! And then we could sit on the hoods of cars at stop lights!
Yow! Are we laid back yet?
Yow! Are we wet yet?
Yow! Are you the self-frying president?
Yow! Did something bad happen or am I in a drive-in movie??
YOW!! Everybody out of the GENETIC POOL!
YOW!!! I am having fun!!!
Yow! I just went below the poverty line!
Yow! I'm having a quadrophonic sensation of two winos alone in a steel mill!
Yow! I'm imagining a surfer van filled with soy sauce!
YOW!! I'm in a very clever and adorable INSANE ASYLUM!!
Yow! Is my fallout shelter termite proof?
Yow! Is this sexual intercourse yet?? Is it, huh, is it??
Yow! I threw up on my window!
Yow! It's a hole all the way to downtown Burbank!
Yow! It's some people inside the wall! This is better than mopping!
Yow! I want my nose in lights!
Yow! I want to mail a bronzed artichoke to Nicaragua!
Yow! Maybe I should have asked for my Neutron Bomb in PAISLEY --
Yow! Now I get to think about all the BAD THINGS I did to a BOWLING BALL when I was in JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL!
YOW!! Now I understand advanced MICROBIOLOGY and th' new TAX REFORM laws!!
Yow! Now we can become alcoholics!
YOW!! The land of the rising SONY!!
Yow! Those people look exactly like Donnie and Marie Osmond!!
YOW!! Up ahead! It's a DONUT HUT!!
Yow! We're going to a new disco!
YOW!! What should the entire human race DO?? Consume a fifth of CHIVAS REGAL, ski NUDE down MT. EVEREST, and have a wild SEX WEEKEND!
yo-yo, n.: Something that is occasionally up but normally down. (see also Computer).
Yuppie Wannabes: An X generation subgroup that believes the myth of a yuppie life-style being both satisfying and viable. Tend to be highly in debt, involved in some form of substance abuse, and show a willingness to talk about Armageddon after three drinks. Culture"
Zall's Laws: (1) Any time you get a mouthful of hot soup, the next thing you do will be wrong. (2) How long a minute is, depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
<zarkov> "NT 5.0. All the bugs and ten times the code size!"
<Ze0> so, how's everything in the world of Quack? <LordHavoc> just ducky <Ze0> excellent, fried duck is mighty fine tasty.
zeal, n.: Quality seen in new graduates -- if you're quick.
<zedboy> dackel: in general the *only* way to use a computer program is to execute it. have you *ever* known a system utility whose documentation recommended either deleting it, or throwing it at a farm animal? <dackel> zedboy: Ummm... yes <zedboy> dackel: install the manpages package. it should be there already tho. <zedboy> dackel: example of such a bovine utility? * greycat wants a video of dackel throwing /usr/bin/file at a cow
Zero Defects, n.: The result of shutting down a production line.
Zero Mostel: That's it baby! When you got it, flaunt it! Flaunt it!
Zeus gave Leda the bird.
<Z-Gryphon> If Unicron had a tech spec card, his motto would be "That which does not become part of the One shall become Void." <Z-Gryphon> which is sort of a grand-scale, apocalyptic version of "I am what I eat." :)
Zhizn' prozhit'--ne pole pereiti. [Life's a bitch.] [Well, okay. lit., to live through life is not as simple as crossing a field. Happy now?]
Zippy's brain cells are straining to bridge synapses ...
<Zoid> I still think you guys are nuts merging Q and QW. :P <knghtbrd> Of course we're nuts. Even John said so. => <taniwha> Zoid: we're nuts, but we're productive nuts:)
Z.O.I.D.: Zombie Optimized for Infiltration and Destruction
"Zoology, eh? That's a big word, isn't it?" "No, actually it isn't," said Tiffany. "Patronizing is a big word. Zoology is really quite short."
Zounds! I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad.
<zpx> it's amazing how "not-broken" debian is compared to slack and rh
Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor: People are always available for work in the past tense.
